According to the Bank of International Settlements, India is among the major economies in the wake of the banking crisis.
I had the opportunity to attend a very special event recently.
My dear countrymen, it has been a unique experience for me to connect with all of you through the M. K. Bhatt programme.
The agreement will assist in the collection of revenue claims made by both countries.
The South Asia satellite tells us that even in the case of regional cooperation between like-minded countries, the sky has no boundaries.
We agree to maintain the momentum of our relations in all key sectors including energy and investment.
The Union Government will support the steps taken by the State Government.
The Prime Minister mentioned the remarkable technological progress made by Israel and its long tradition of bravery and martyrdom.
We have done a good job in the field of wildlife conservation.
The Unum-Pavva of Chhat-Puja is completely connected with nature and nature worship.
This shows India's desire to set global standards.
India has always stood by Cyprus on all kinds of issues.
The authorities are working towards providing all possible assistance after the storm.
We have a mutual desire for a strong strategic partnership.
He said that this will greatly help in improving efficiency.
From saints, from sages, from Muṇis, from the Mahagāpuras, we get to learn something every moment.
Referring to the honesty shown by the Bohra community in trade, the Prime Minister said that the Government is encouraging honest traders and workers through the GST, Diwali & Bankruptcy Code.
We need to prepare maps related to disasters such as earthquakes, we need to adopt broad standards and norms.
We are also working on reconstruction of Dal Lake.
The Prime Minister stressed the need for an institutional system that provides excellence in sports.
The fact that we have made our business easier has improved the ranking of India.
Our festivals have a special focus on saving rivers and water.
No matter what the business is, its sole purpose should be to satisfy the consumer.
The Prime Minister recalled the role played by Indian troops in the liberation of Haifa during the First World War.
The issues of trade, investment, connectivity, youth and cultural exchange were discussed.
He said that Swami Vivekananda also raised his voice against social evils.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the Smart City Mission.
The successful launch of South Asia satellite indicates its completion.
The Prime Minister will also unveil a plaque to mark the opening of a public housing project of 624 houses.
He appreciated his dedication to education and made it a life mantra.
He encouraged them to share specific experiences during the visit and to write on the topic.
Addressing a large crowd in Ahmedabad, Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke about the high ambitions and willpower of New India.
The Prime Minister said that when India was not free, the importance of India's heritage and knowledge assets like Yoga and Ayurveda was diminished.
We are a young country.
The growing co-operation between India and Japan on strategic and economic issues has the potential to give new momentum to the global economy.
Our parents still emphasize on focusing on studies and academics.
Therefore, it is appropriate that there should be a Metro rail facility in Kochi.
The second edition of Dialogue for Conflict Prevention and Environmental Consciousness is being held today and tomorrow in Yangon.
We are proud to be the global host for World Environment Day 2018.
But we know that we have limited democracy to ballots.
One hundred and fifty crore Indians are waiting to welcome ASEAN leaders as our chief guests to India's 69th Republic Day celebrations.
In this context, he referred to the Diwali and Diwaliyapan Code.
This railway line will be the gateway to Tripura for South and South East Asia.
He thanked Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for his warm welcome and respect during his entire visit.
But when I look at the impact of M. K. Bhatt, I am convinced that M. K. Bhatt is 100% united with the people of this country.
It has become the world's main development engine.
Thus, it will benefit all sectors and sectors of the country.
He also encouraged teachers to bring digital change to their schools and their surroundings.
He asked the authorities to draw up an action plan during the Revenue Janana Sangam to reduce the lateness of these cases.
47. Together we will build an India where there is no compromise with corruption and brahmanabhatia.
But the rain is waiting.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of pipeline and road projects.
Similarly, the news of the passing of Sullaghitti Narasamma of Karnataka was received on December 25.
As a society, as a country, 30 January, 11 a.m. 2 minute tribute should be an easy act.
Therefore, the gem and jewellery sector is the greatest example of the possibilities of Make in India and Skilled India.
You have incorporated our culture into your own and made it your own.
Referring to the current Poshnan Month, the Prime Minister said that the pace of progress made during this campaign should not be reduced.
As a result, more and more Indians have had the opportunity to raise their national flag.
He also said that the government will ensure that adequate agricultural loans are available.
The country is built on peace, goodwill and unity.
As we have shown, we are still counted among the fastest growing economies in the world.
The Ujjwala Yojana for Clean Energy, Swachh Bharat Yojana for Health and High Given, Jan-Dhan Yojana for Financial Inclusion, are reflections of this spirit of the people of the country.
I am saying that the 21st century is the century of Asia.
The Centre assures all possible assistance to normalize this situation.
Indian soldiers have shown the world that when it comes to war, they are not behind anyone.
Working together, we want to take our mutual relations as a future-oriented partnership for people, prosperity and peace.
In this context, a ten-point agenda has been drawn up to renew our efforts towards disaster risk reduction, which are as follows:
On October 8, we celebrate Air Force Day.
When I was the Chief Minister of Gujarat, I started a similar movement with the name of Vachche Gujarat.
The government debt burden as a percentage of GDP (Gross Domestic Product) is continuously decreasing.
6. Training and management for the administration of health services and hospitals;
We wish for peace and prosperity for all.
It is especially essential to ensure freedom, peace and justice for the oppressed, the victims and the disadvantaged.
MoU between the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and the National Institute for Change (NITI Aayog)
We are moving rapidly towards renewable energy generation.
I have appealed to people to give books instead of giving flowers as greetings to each other.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on land border crossing.
This is the session when the country has got the opportunity to elect a new President and a new Vice President.
India has strong strategic relations with all three countries.
Jasmer Singh used to go to work every morning before Rajnie and his siblings got up.
But I was inspired by the courage, simplicity and resolve of the people to get out of the disaster.
It is planned to get about 25 per cent of its total energy needs from renewable sources, especially solar energy.
Let us now join hands with a greater closeness and strength.
My participation in the summit reflects our commitment to India's high priority towards its neighbours and to the continuing deepening of our relations with neighbouring countries in Southeast Asia.
At the 26th meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress made in resolving complaints related to post offices and railways.
Honey is a gift from nature to humans.
We have moved towards a digital platform in retail and payment of fuel.
India and Portugal are also strong partners on the international stage.
I salute Guru Ravidas Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayeeti.
India is also a big milk producer.
India is now one of the most preferred countries for investments in this sector.
The world has seen a long-term fluctuation in values.
The passion for football in Portugal is quite deep.
The results of these efforts are now coming to light.
My condolences and the condolences of every Indian are with his family in this hour of sorrow.
The aim of Bharatmala Yojana is to improve road connectivity by building national corridors and highways.
If we practice Asana and Pranaayam regularly, we can also protect ourselves from many diseases.
India has shown tremendous resilience in the global economy, where uncertainty is continuing.
The Prime Minister said that it is his vision of development that all these states are progressing rapidly.
He underlined that the project was approved in January 2015 and is now available for use.
This is the common vision of Mary, President Xi and Prime Minister Lee.
He said that the Union Government is also putting considerable emphasis on the development of waterways.
The treaty will provide a legal framework for extradition of terrorists, economic criminals and other offenders from Lithuania to India and from Lithuania to India.
The refusal to enforce a court decision can only be done in accordance with international practices.
He inaugurated Swadesh Darshan Yojana with a plaque.
Who is not a fan of Harmanpriet Kaur?
This week Uttarakhand and Haryana were also declared ODFs.
On January 26, our Republic Day was celebrated with euphoria and enthusiasm in every corner of the country.
India and Cyprus share the same objective of rapid reforms in the UN Security Council.
He is also remembered for his work in the field of education and other social causes.
Responding to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India's timeless values for nature protection and its conservation.
• The cow is considered as our mother here.
He said that the organisation of such artificial parliaments will increase the spirit of convergence among our youth.
I wish all the best to all the countrymen of India for these festivals.
The two sides stressed the importance of cooperation in the field of transport education, personnel training and scientific support for the implementation of international transport corridors.
In this context, he mentioned the initiatives of the Central Government which have reduced the price of medicines and the price of stents.
I hope that the industry will be in constant contact with them.
Start-ups have been exempted from income tax payments for 3 years.
He said that the large sum of money that was stolen in these cases could be used for the welfare of the poor.
However, legal reforms can only give the desired results when an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism is available.
He appealed to all persons present to work towards 100 per cent sanitation coverage till Mahatma Gandhi's 150th birthday, 2 October, 2019.
We will also encourage and enhance the trade and industries of both countries to increase the quality and volume of bilateral trade.
The freedom struggle is more connected to the spirit of our people.
But let us not forget that it is not just government, money, planning, power that all work is done.
Energy efficiency is essential.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Foreign Minister to India.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia also spoke of mass public awareness to ensure better income, better irrigation facilities for our farmers and to increase food and milk production.
He said that this creative environment should be used to build a fast New India.
The Prime Minister will also inaugurate the first new Bhabhatron Precision Technology (Multi Leaf Collimator).
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and support on a personal level.
They also agreed to broaden their efforts to further develop existing connections through pre-established systems to create the largest possible platform for future relations.
He recalled his address during the 2017 'Mann Ki Baat' in which he had appealed for the organisation of artificial parliaments in the districts.
The Prime Minister said it is important to identify those who stand in the last line so that the benefits of the administration can reach them.
During Diwali, the sales of Khadi gift coupons have increased by almost 680 per cent.
These are our values too.
They are also taking a course in skill development.
India itself has been battling cross-border terrorism for decades.
He called on all countries to implement UN Security Council Resolution 1267.
The Prime Minister will release a document highlighting the achievements of the Government.
I thank Chief Minister Ramayya Ji and his entire government for the cooperation and efforts made to organize this programme and make it successful.
He unveiled a roadmap for the overall development of tribes during the next five years.
He said that the amount of the amount given by the beneficiary in the contribution will be contributed by the Central Government.
India's economic growth rate in the fourth quarter of the financial year 2017-18 was 7.7 per cent.
Earlier, he expressed his condolences over the loss of life caused by the forest fires in Portugal.
The Agreement on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Customs Affairs between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Armenia shall be signed on behalf of the Government of India and shall ensure that the national legal expectations necessary for the implementation of this Agreement are met.
The Indian delegation, led by Minister of Commerce & Industry & Civil Aviation Shri Suresh Prabhu, participated in the Eastern Economic Forum in September 2018.
His slogan of Jai जवान Jai Kisan is the identification of his personality.
Your children have benefited from this.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi reviewed the progress of the Namami Gange programme on Thursday evening.
Together we will build a India where there is no compromise with corruption and brother-in-lawism.
A list of 26 islands has been created for overall development.
Space technology will be connected to the lives of our people in this sector.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that Mahatma Gandhi's ideas have the power to solve today's challenges in the world.
Over the last three years, we have made tireless efforts to ensure ease of doing business.
The 10 questions of the survey are as follows:
I express my special thanks to the administration, the government and the people of these five states for completing this task.
He will witness the e-house entry of 240 beneficiary families.
He will also distribute auxiliary equipment to the disadvantaged.
He will also showcase a new express train from Ayodhya to Rameshwaram through video conferencing.
I will also address a public meeting.
He gave the highest importance to education and social reform.
The National War Memorial near India Gate in New Delhi is a fitting tribute to our soldiers who gave their lives for the defense of the country after independence.
He said that once the sea wall is ready, it will help in the safety of the car-nickobar island.
I especially urge my young friends to participate in tomorrow's dialogue.
All the best wishes and blessings to Hanya.
This will also increase mutual trust and trade.
Bilal Dar, the age is small but it is an inspiration for everyone who is interested in sanitation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate the birth centenary of Nanaji Deshmukh at the IARI, Poosa, New Delhi on 11 October 2017.
The winners met the Prime Minister at Parliament House.
In India alone, a huge campaign was launched to take selfies with their daughter.
Congratulations to ISRO for the successful launch of India's largest, largest and most advanced communications satellite - GSAT-11.
With these measures, our economy is now on a fast path of growth.
This is changing the supply perspective;
He believes that the rise of India and China as two vast economies and important powers, together with strategic and decision-making freedom, is of regional and international importance.
The high-level review meeting was attended by the PMO, NITI Aayog and officials from other ministries.
The Administrative Council reviews the work done during the past year and discusses the development priorities for the future.
It contributes to our energy security.
In many parts of the country, the weather has been improved by heavy rains.
From the water to the mountains, people welcomed the sun's rays in the morning through yoga.
The livelihood has reached the hands of the poor.
5. Both countries called on all countries to reduce global tensions and to promote the ideals of tolerance, cooperation, transparency and open cooperation in inter-state relations.
The Indian community in Portugal has played a significant role in deepening our bilateral relations.
Emphasis was placed on women empowerment and women's respect.
We have set a target of increasing the capacity of 175 gigawatts of renewable energy by 2022.
He said that the construction of toilets is becoming a means of social and economic empowerment and eliminating social imbalance.
I will also address the Indian community.
Like most emerging economies, our challenge in India will increase both horizontally and vertically.
From my experience, we have to rely on people's leadership to achieve better results.
57 squads of the NDRF, including 1,300 personnel and 435 sailors, have been deployed in search and rescue operations.
I would also like to thank Ankdat who has taken this initiative of India forward with strength and played an active role in bringing it to this stage.
The National War Memorial complex includes a central quadrangular column, a eternal flame, and six bronze murals depicting famous battles fought by the Indian Army, Air Force and Navy.
The Prime Minister said that service is a part of our culture.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been set up in the districts affected by leftist extremists in 2016-17.
Under this, more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families will get insurance cover of more than 7,000 dollars per year.
He described the Constitution as the soul of our democratic framework.
This is the second bilateral visit of Prime Minister Modi to Germany.
The Prime Minister said that the Indian economy has grown at a healthy rate of 7.7 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2017-18.
Indian Navy Chief Admiral Sunil Lamba was also present on the occasion.
Regional multilateralism through institutions such as AIIB can play a significant role in helping to mobilize the necessary resources.
He said that this event is being held to honour the women Sarpanch who have made a huge contribution to the Swachh Bharat campaign.
The Prime Minister discussed the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
• The financial aid announced by the Prime Minister today is different from the financial aid of Rs 280 crore to Tamil Nadu and Rs 76 crore to Kerala earlier this month.
Referring to the provision of 10 per cent reservation to the poor of the common class, the Prime Minister said that this is a step in the right direction.
The whole atmosphere is filled with holy fragrance.
The railway is likely to significantly reduce travel time by running between the two cities.
The Government of India has recently made a successful effort to connect people for clean Ganga, for Ganga cleansing, with the cooperation of 5 state governments.
Increased maternity leave is welcome provision.
He said that this is a sign that the world today also recognizes the relevance of Mahatma Gandhi's ideals.
I first of all congratulate the newly elected Deputy Speaker, Shri Harishash Singh Ji, on behalf of the House and on my behalf.
The Prime Minister said that the Centre Government will do everything it can to provide sufficient water to the farmers.
My first two programmes will be in Sabarmati Ashram.
Therefore, the government is trying to ensure that every citizen has access to healthcare.
Accepting the congratulations of the Anganwadi workers, the Prime Minister expressed his happiness that they have come from all over the country to meet them.
The Prime Minister said that about 12 crore farmers are likely to benefit from PM-Kisan Yojana.
The Union Government has recognized great national leaders including Sardar Patel, Baba Saheb Ambedkar and Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose.
The Prime Minister asked the authorities to set clear targets to improve the tax administration of the country by the 75th anniversary of independence, i.e. 2022.
The GST programmes and the tough action in corruption cases have helped people to do business honestly.
This is the seventh in a series of dialogues of the Prime Minister through video conferencing with various beneficiaries of government schemes.
We need to ensure that high standards of disaster safety are observed in their construction.
The Prime Minister said that Sardar Patel dedicated his life to unite India.
The Prime Minister said that 1.5 lakh health and welfare centres are being built under Ayushman Bharat.
Talking about the self-help groups, the Prime Minister said that self-help groups play a vital role in economic and social progress for the poor, especially the rural sections of society.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, congratulated the gold medalist Mariyappan Tangwelelu and bronze medalist Varun Singh Bhatti at the Rio 2016 Paralympics.
He also said that the Centre takes decisions not for political gain but in the national interest.
Prime Minister Shri Modi said, "I will meet with the President of Singapore, Halima Jacob, on June 1.
I am happy that the youth are interested in learning about our history, our freedom fighters, the people who have sacrificed for this country.
The International Conference of the Saurashtra Patel Cultural Society is taking place this year in California, USA.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed his condolences on the passing of K. Karunanidhi.
With the cooperation and actions in South Asia, the development of all can be our guiding light.
This project is important in view of the fact that it will provide water supply to the drought-affected region of Bundelkhand.
India has always been committed and dedicated to peace.
It is time for all politicians and political parties to respect the sentiments of honest citizens of the country, understand the anger of the public.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and become long-term commercial partners.
I wish you success in your endeavours.
In August 2016, a strict rule was made to curb anonymous transactions.
My dear countrymen, Man Ki Baat has been praised and criticized.
The Prime Minister said the Government is continuously working to create a business-friendly environment in the country.
In birthland Patna, in karma land in North India and in the last moment of life in Nanded.
The founding conference of this alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
The next step of this movement should be to transform waste into a valuable product.
The Prime Minister has appreciated the efforts being made by the State Government to deal with this unprecedented crisis.
Commending the various social initiatives being undertaken by the Dawoodi Bohra Society, the Prime Minister said that the Government has made many efforts to ensure improvement in the standard of living of citizens, especially the poor and needy.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Antonio Costa of Portugal visited the Champalimod Foundation in Lisbon today.
Last year, about three and a half crore people have taken advantage of this.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "I am saddened by the deaths and disasters caused by the tsunami after the volcano hit Indonesia.
Our goal is to make a big leap in the maritime economy through the Blue Revolution.
The Prime Minister said that the people of Gujarat consider the day after Diwali to be the start of the new year.
Countries around the world have joined us in an unexpected number.
We can see in the Swachhata Hai Sava movement how much the electronic media of our country, the print media of our country can serve the country.
The law had been hanging for many years.
India will fully support his efforts in this direction.
Stressing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said that playing with future generations would be an immoral and criminal act.
Your generation has also faced constant difficulties.
These figures show how the government has emerged from the policy paralysis and played the role of policy maker and policy implementer.
On the issue of the Citizenship Bill, the Prime Minister urged the people not to pay attention to rumors.
Friends, It is also a pleasure to come forward as an ally of the United Nations in this whole process.
India exports fish and fish products to about 95 countries.
This work gives a new confidence.
The Prime Minister stressed that the youth of India honours Sardar Patel and his contribution to the construction of our nation.
He appreciated Prime Minister Abe for the fact that the project is being launched in such a short time.
Mahatma Gandhi's ideas have inspired the whole world.
He clarified that the government will ensure the availability of more seats in educational institutions so that students of other categories are not affected.
I hope that these will continue to do exemplary work to prevent plastic pollution.
On the eve of International Yoga Day, the Prime Minister shared the complexities of various yoga poses on social media.
Diwali will be celebrated with great joy for all of you.
The Prime Minister said that his government is committed to completing all projects in a timely manner.
Guru Nanak Dev Ji is not only the first Guru of Sikhs but also the world-guru.
Let us work towards the spirit of burning the lamps of Diwali in the poor's house by buying khadi.
If we talk about the three years of this government, more than 22 thousand megawatts of renewable energy has been connected to the grid power.
197 million bank accounts were opened in a year.
I would like to say with humility that the tradition of selling khadi since independence has doubled.
It has the power to change the climate of the whole country.
He said India is setting a record in the startup sector on the strength of its youth talent.
The MoU provides Indian Railways with an opportunity to exchange the latest developments and knowledge in the rail sector.
Last year, the total sales of Khadi and handicrafts increased by almost 90 per cent.
He said that the Lok Court can play a major role in rapid settlement of cases pending before the judiciary.
The one-month campaign will be conducted to determine the distance from Haridwar to Patna by river rafting.
It has given us the opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration authority.
This has saved crores of rupees of the large consumer class associated with the poor and middle class.
Not only I, but the whole of India and South Africa are eager to hear the views of the President.
Almost all the taxpayers in India will benefit greatly from this.
If these suggestions are in the interest of our country, we will definitely consider them.
And so we will all together build a India where the poor have a clean house, electricity, water.
The Prime Minister expressed his pleasure that Mahatma Gandhi's beloved Bhajan Vaishnava Jan was sung by artists from 150 countries around the world.
The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) had started its operations related to financing in January 2016.
The exhibition has shown over a hundred good practices and imitations.
The Act East policy of my government places this sector at the centre of cooperation.
These are some examples of reforms.
Progress has been recorded in important projects in the road and railway sectors such as Eastern Peripheral Expressway, Char Dham Project, KoziGund-Banihal Tunnel, Chinab Railway Bridge and Jiribaba-Infal Project.
He told the medal winners that their performance has made India proud.
A small nomadic community in the remote areas of the Nilgiri Plateau of South India has been displaced, traditionally their settlements are made from local resources.
This is a new path that the government has opened for you.
Shri Narendra Modi said during the dialogue that the Dinadayal Antyoday Yojana-National Rural Ajivikya Mission has been launched in all the states.
The Prime Minister said that both IQ (Budget skills) and EQ (Emotional Skills) are of great importance in the life of students.
In a desert like Rajasthan, the Bishnoi society has shown us the way to protect the environment.
He said that specific targets should be set for these districts based on different criteria in a short time frame.
This is not fair to our rich experience and abundantly available design talent.
Such efforts create unfair difficulties, especially for those in the lower echelons of developed and least developed countries.
The two leaders will attend a public ceremony on September 14 to mark the start of construction of India's fast-paced rail project, which runs between Ahmedabad and Mumbai.
The Indian side expressed its intention to increase the import of fertilizers from Russia.
It is unusual that her husband was martyred while serving Swati and Nidhi Mother Bharati.
He also issued a commemorative postage stamp on the occasion.
He noted that this is the single greatest threat to peace, stability and progress in the region.
I wish you all the best on National Voters Day.
Any accumulation of dirt or impurities within the four walls of these places is considered impure.
The Prime Minister congratulated M. Vankey Naidu Garuru on being elected Vice President of India.
He said that the efforts of the expatriate Indians have ensured respect for Indian passports everywhere.
This policy aims to transform cities into transit centric cities rather than transit dependent ones.
I am very happy to be attending the opening ceremony of the Kochi Metro.
The limit on withdrawal of funds from ATMs and banks has also been set for a short time.
More than Rs 800 crore of unnamed assets have been seized by the government.
It is a joy for us that after health benefits, our Arun Ji is also among us today.
The Union Government is also emphasizing on the development of infrastructure in the state.
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is this: We invite you to the Make India programme.
The inaugural phase will be operational from Aluva to Palarivattam.
Thousands of children painted.
I had appealed to turn Brain-Drain into Brain-Gain.
The beneficiaries explained how the reduction in the cost of heart stents and knee transplants has changed their lives.
As of August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
This is his third Super Series premiere title after Indonesia Open and Australia Open.
For example, under India's Housing Programme, 10 million houses are set to be built in urban areas.
Today, the government is using direct benefit transfer for 59 different schemes.
The Prime Minister mentioned his own progress initiatives to monitor the project.
Electricity has reached every village of the country.
In this regard, India can prove to be a better partner.
This law will play an effective role in preventing cases of crimes against women and girls.
He said that sanitation is a simple measure for preventive healthcare.
He recalled India's commitment to generate 175 gigawatts of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
Significant progress has been made in rural areas under the Pradhan Mantri Housing Yojana.
Our players have done well and on this strength, India has become the Asian Cup champion after ten years.
He praised the people of the state for declaring Jammu and Kashmir openly free from public toilets in September 2018.
Chief Ministers and senior officials of these states were also present at the meetings.
He has always inspired hundreds of crore countrymen to achieve this goal.
Likewise, when you are strong as a country, you can also live in peace with all of you.
We have understood the need to take urgent measures to prevent the spread of terrorism, extremism and violent extremism.
In July this year, we have implemented uniform goods and services tax system across the country.
A small tea seller, today you will be surprised to know that education is shining in the lives of more than 70 children.
He unveiled a logo for the launch of the 'Bachage of Mother Earth and Transfer to Next Generation' programme.
This will not only improve our refining and processing capacity but also enable the completion of the project in a timely and efficient manner.
In July this year, we have relaxed our FDI regime.
India is also working on e-mobility.
The Prime Minister said today that the life of a player is extended for many decades.
I wish all the countrymen the best of luck on this holy festival.
As a result, more than 32,000 cases were confirmed and treatment was started.
This MoU was signed on July, 2017.
I hope that the delegates from abroad will have some time to look at the history and glory of Delhi.
I begin my speech by congratulating NITI Aayog for hosting this global conference.
India and Cyprus have close economic relations.
I am sure that we will all benefit from each other's experience and expertise.
In this regard, he mentioned the agreement on 5 and 6 units of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant.
I look forward to meeting with the politicians and friends of Nepal.
My very best wishes to the countrymen on this holy festival of Ramanavmi.
Today, there are ministers from many African countries among us.
We people very naturally say that unity in diversity is a feature of India.
Our past is always woven with restraint.
Many events are being held across the country in the wake of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
As close neighbors, our relations are spread over many layers.
The Prime Minister said that our effort is to initiate development work while preserving the environment and local culture.
17. Both sides welcomed the signing of the MoU between the National Corporation of Indian Small Industries and the Russian Small and Medium-sized Business Corporation.
Ayushman Bharat Yojana will provide extensive investment opportunities in health-related infrastructure, construction of medical devices and health services.
These experiences will enrich your life.
He further said that human psychology and practical psychology should be an important part of training.
It will be the world's largest government-funded health programme.
The Prime Minister answered various questions asked by the delegation members in detail.
Our slogan is more crops, drops.
Although India did not win the title, the young players of India won the hearts of all.
He said that close coordination and continuous monitoring is needed for these good works.
These projects are related to various states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
Our trees and forests have increased by one per cent in the last two years.
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar will boost the industrial development of Odisha and will work towards improving the standard of living of the general public in technology.
To continue our commitment to this area, I am pleased to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in the extra-regional areas under this project.
We noted that the priority of President Temer is to revive the domestic economic agenda in Brazil.
During the conversation, the Prime Minister highlighted the immense potential for cooperation in the field of energy security and food security between the two countries.
Later, he addressed a huge public gathering at a ceremony to dedicate the Kochi Metro to the nation.
The Prime Minister said that every effort is being made to ensure a unique experience for the devotees who come to the semi-Kumbha.
Our mantra is Swabka Swatha, Swabka Vikas.
As partners of democracy, the Republic of Korea and India share common ideals and views for regional and global peace.
Despite the rising prices of crude oil, inflation is still within the prescribed range.
The Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short time.
Food processing is India's way of life.
He said that the Navies of 50 countries participated in the International Shipyard Fleet Review conducted by the Indian Navy in 2016.
I commend the Election Commission for its continuous efforts to strengthen our democracy.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Centre will play an important role in spreading Dr. Ambedkar's vision and education.
The holy month of Ramadan is celebrated with a holy spirit in all distant worship.
The people shared the troubles caused by the storm with the Prime Minister.
The Single Window Assistance Cell provides assistance to foreign investors.
The adoption of electric vehicles in the coming decades will bring about a huge change in the transport sector.
Over the last 20 years, 5 lakh 80 thousand people have died in the Asia Pacific region due to disasters.
The progress of the National Optical Fiber Network was reviewed.
As a popular business hub, it also ranks high in the ease of doing business rankings.
We are the second largest exporter of shrimp in the world.
Do you not think that the movement of honesty needs to be strengthened for the good of the country?
In this regard, the Union Government is also running the Sagarmala programme.
In that interview Field Marshal Manekshawus was remembering the time when he was a Colonel.
He popularized India's musical traditions on a global scale.
Earlier this year, he was honoured with the Padma Shri.
Before I start, I want to tell you about some of the recent achievements of our scientists in India.
The whole country was worried about how to save Tommy.
You see, if everyone in a state says this, then I will tell the government to look into it and to prepare publicity on the seven common things that have come from every state.
India House of London including Savarkar celebrated its 50th anniversary with a grand ceremony.
The two leaders shared their views on their respective approaches to foreign policy to achieve global prosperity and security.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
The committee also appreciated the steps taken by the Prime Minister to eradicate corruption in the government system through demonetisation and anti-corruption measures.
Every Indian is extremely proud of the successful testing of the Agni-V.
Under that scheme, our fishermen will get loans, grants, subsidies from the government.
It was a war in which India was not directly involved, yet only for peace our soldiers fought all over the world.
What torment the freedom-seekers will suffer.
On this Environment Day, let us all think about what we can do to make our planet clean and green.
The Prime Minister said that various schemes of the Swachh Bharat-like government have given impetus to tourism in the country.
If someone sends photos of the efforts of children, then there is a story of the team efforts of the youth.
The theme of the IEF-16 is "The Future of Global Energy Security".
The world's largest infrastructure to be built in the next two decades will be in our region.
2. Support in the development of human resources and health services and establishment of health facilities
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the Annual Conference of the Director General of Police at BSF Academy, Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh on 7 and 8 January.
The Prime Minister said that today, farmers buy retail but sell in bulk.
I am also looking forward to meeting with the leaders of nine other countries, including the BRICS, at the Emerging Markets and Developing Countries Dialogue on September 5 under the auspices of President Xi Jinping.
He called GST a good and simple tax, i.e. good and easy tax, which will ultimately benefit the people.
Congratulations to all sports lovers on the opening of synthetic track at the USA School of Athletics.
You speak one of the oldest living classical languages in the world.
The Prime Minister said in his message, "We are proud of Kidanbi Srinkat's victory in the Australian Open.
GST will further accelerate efficiency in further advancing long-distance transport by removing physical barriers at the state borders.
Last year was the birth centenary of Nelson Mandela.
The Prime Minister said that the Kashi Vishwanath Temple has maintained its existence despite suffering injustice for centuries.
Over the last three years, about 150 lakh hectares of land have benefited from such water conservation and water management measures.
The Government and people of India are with you in your journey towards peace and prosperity.
You will remember that India's performance was excellent at the Asian Games this time as well.
I am happy to announce that the State Government has declared 19 June as Reading Day.
He opened the Women's Hostel for the students of the North East Region at the building of the Income Tax Appeal Tribunal in Bengaluru, the Super Speciality Block of Kims in Hubei, Bengaluru University, with the press of a button.
He said the government's focus is on increasing production through fast connectivity.
These amendments will enable our arbitration process to align with the best practices of the world.
Gathering together and taking the anchor has awakened a sense of unity and equality among the people.
He said that during the current fiscal year, the States have received more than Rs 11 lakh crore from the Centre, which shows an increase of about Rs 6 lakh crore compared to the last year of the previous government.
The Prime Minister said that schemes like मुद्रा Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India are helping to improve financial inclusion.
In his message, the Prime Minister said that he is saddened by the passing of Ustad Hussain Saeeduddin Dagar.
Unveiling the expansion of healthcare system in Bihar, he said that this is a historic day for Bihar in terms of health infrastructure development.
Over the last two and a half years, more than Rs 1.25 lakh crore of black money has been brought to the open.
The strength of the India-US strategic partnership lies in our shared values and common interests.
They can also be called nutritionally rich and climate-friendly decisions.
The Prime Minister further said that sufficient capital, courage and people are essential for the success of start-ups.
Including Monpa, Memba, Sartang, Sajolong (Migi) in the order number 9 instead of Momba
He said that India and Bangladesh's commitment to cruelty and terrorism will continue to inspire future generations through Bangladesh Bhawan.
This shows that our young generation still has a passion for our heroes of our ancient heritage and history.
The budget of Manrega also works for this water conservation.
I have been informed that Rs 1.20 crore has been given to this foundation during the last two years.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi reviewed the progress in India-China relations from a strategic and long-term perspective.
India can proudly say that not only male power but also female power is making an equal contribution to the Armed Forces of India.
This shows our commitment to giving homes to the poor, middle class.
I have already said that your hardware and our software will be very good.
People affected in disasters and after disasters are using social media to help each other.
If the world is to develop fully, it will have to create mutually supportive relations between producers and consumers.
Who doesn't know the sense of adventure.
Last November, India held the first South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
The alliance aims to achieve a solar energy capacity of 1000 gigawatts by 2030 through an investment of 1 trillion US dollars.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for exemplary performance in the international arena.
Addressing a public event organised by Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose on the occasion of 75th anniversary of the Tiranga festival on Indian soil, the Prime Minister released a commemorative postage stamp, coin and first day cover.
Our foreign exchange reserves of more than 400 billion US dollars provide us with adequate protection.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed his condolences over the loss of lives caused by the storm in Tamil Nadu.
It is an important day to reaffirm our commitment to further strengthen our democracy by taking part in democratic processes at local, state and national levels.
Best wishes for today's match.
Overall, this will boost the social and economic activities of the state, creating new employment opportunities for the local people.
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for peace with all.
His unprecedented contribution to the freedom struggle lives on in our hearts.
In many parts of the country, our youths and farmers showed their bravery and stood up against injustice.
He said the huge shortage of piracy in the Indian Ocean was largely due to Indian military strength and our international partnership.
This will help in improving health and maternal care for the vulnerable sections of society.
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are motivated by a broad understanding on issues of mutual interest.
The Government of India has also provided assistance to the activities of this Foundation.
May the blessings of the great Himalayas be with you.
There is a huge need for roads, railways and waterways.
They want to assure you that the rules will not change overnight.
In Anand, the Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities including the Amul Chocolate Plant.
As of August 2017, Indian troops have served in about 50 of the 71 peacekeeping operations of the UN around the world.
I wish him a bright future on behalf of all the countrymen.
Now I am talking specifically about food processing.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
We are proud of the decisions we have taken that have strengthened women's empowerment.
Currently, India is the fastest growing major economy in the world.
During the last two years, in 2014 and 2016, we have facilitated the return of more than 90 thousand Indian citizens from about 54 countries.
I salute the people of India, Jaya Prakash Narayan, on his birthday.
New systems are born.
For this, we are strengthening the entire ecosystem of our administrative system.
More than a thousand old laws have been abolished.
I am pleased to see a large number of energy ministers, heads of international organizations and chief executive officers from oil producing and consumer countries participating.
Not only that, we are the sixth largest renewable energy producer.
Sullaghitti Narasamma was an assistant who helped pregnant mothers and sisters in childbirth.
It has hampered the growth of interstate trade.
The Prime Minister highlighted the Paris Climate Agreement as a shared world heritage and expressed hope that it will be a new beacon of hope for the next generation.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that innovations have a vital role in bringing the people of India and Israel closer together.
Our dear leader, former Prime Minister of our country, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ji, had clearly said that human rights are not a perennial concept for us.
The Prime Minister said that by the efforts of the Government, India has emerged as a shining star of the global economy.
I thanked all the parties that day.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Assistant Secretaries programme provides an opportunity for junior and senior officials to interact with each other.
Akita has won gold and bronze medals at the World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 in Tunisia.
The exam you are going to give is the exam of what you have studied throughout the year.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi attended the press council of India's press conference on the occasion of National Press Day today.
President Vidodo thanked the Prime Minister for his sympathy and assistance.
26. The Russian side invited the Indian side to invest in the Russian Far East.
The beautiful landscape of Cyprus and the vast horizon of India can be a source of tourism promotion between the two countries.
This number is expected to double in the next 10 years.
Today, due to lifestyle, due to the ups and downs, due to increasing responsibilities, it is becoming difficult to live a life free from stress.
My condolences are with the relatives of the dead.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eradicate leprosy from the country under the National Leprosy Eradication Programme is a tribute to the same goal of Mahatma Gandhi.
Talking about the importance of water conservation, he said that the people of Kutch understand the importance of this.
He also informed that the fair and cash value (FRP) of the Gannes for the Chinese season 2018-19 will also be announced.
To this end, we have launched the Make in India campaign.
Defence and security cooperation
These achievements have been achieved before some major reforms have been introduced.
It is true that political parties have also made meaningful efforts to improve the system from time to time.
The two sides agreed to seek opportunities for joint cooperation in wildlife products including precious metals, minerals, natural resources, wood, through joint investment, production, processing and skilled labour.
They also agreed to continue efforts to develop clean energy-based systems, renewable energy and fuels, energy efficiency and pollution-free energy generation technologies.
The Prime Minister encouraged the Assistant Secretaries to take the best of their experiences while engaging with various ministries in the coming time.
Our security forces have been given full freedom.
In this context, he mentioned the topics of today's agenda, including doubling the income of farmers, developing the aspirational districts, Ayushman Bharat, Mission Indradhanush, the Poshana Mission and the celebrations of Mahatma Gandhi's 150th birthday.
We are also looking at various strategies for better waste management.
India's biggest tax reform, GST, has been implemented recently.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
The capacity of the NDRF has become a new pillar of devotion for every Indian.
The Prime Minister distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
This is a very big psychological battle.
Everyone remembers the positive role of the UN in its efforts to establish peace in the world.
Trade and investment relations between us are becoming more and more strong.
Supply chain capability is crucial in any manufacturing enterprise.
Together we will build a India where young people and women will have ample opportunities to realize their dreams.
He congratulated the people of Kashi for warmly welcoming the French President Emmanuel Macron.
It is said that the inspiration was the sister Nivedita.
Although, our goal in relation to these food parks is to connect the agricultural processing cluster to the main production centre.
I am particularly pleased to welcome the Honourable Prime Minister of Portugal, Vice President of Suriname, Honorable Ministers of Malaysia and Mauritius to this event.
The Air Force also responded to the enemy in 1965.
He said that to ensure that it can be useful to the common man, the airport has been made part of the Udan Yojana.
At the 22nd meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress in the process of resolving and resolving complaints related to the banking sector.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the steps being taken for Scheduled Castes and other backward classes.
But when we talk about Ganesh festival, it is very natural to remember Lokmanya Tilak Ji.
This can only happen when long-term investments are made in business, creating employment opportunities and sustainable economic growth.
Cooperation is also necessary to have a framework work to speed up action in consumer-related cases from other countries.
I will meet President Sirisena, Prime Minister Vikram Singh and other distinguished dignitaries.
He also said that several announcements have been made in the Budget to fulfill this objective.
India remembers its brave soldiers who fought in the First World War.
He said that Tara Kot route would provide an alternative route to the Mother Vaishno Devi Shrine, which would facilitate pilgrims.
The Prime Minister also unveiled a series of development projects related to the energy, connectivity and health sectors.
He praised the Ministry of AYUSH for setting up the All India Ayurveda Institute.
Thanks to the vast energy of our country's youth, we are presenting India as a global manufacturing hub.
Pollution-free technologies, sea-based solutions, modernization of farms, food processing, health, life sciences and agricultural sector were discussed.
He said that the Central Government attaches great importance to the development of eastern India.
I am confident that from a strong India and a strong Japan, stability will also come to Asia and the world.
The obstacles that were previously encountered during the decision process and approval have been removed.
I warmly recall our meeting in August 2015 and February last year.
Results of Budget Session
Reading helps people to increase their thinking range.
He said a new economic system is being developed on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad corridor, which will transform the entire region into a single economic zone.
You will be pleased to know that the productivity of the Lok Sabha was 118 per cent and that of the Rajya Sabha was 74 per cent.
I am saddened by the passing of George Saab.
He changed not only his own fortunes but also those of his region through organized efforts.
The Prime Minister said that Prime Minister Theresa May's visit to India in November 2016 has provided the necessary framework for guiding India-UK relations in the coming days.
They have unique powers and insights.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate 50 health and wellness centres in Arunachal Pradesh.
After a while, the new year of 2017 will begin.
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew members on the success of the mission.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Ravindranath Tagore wanted Indian students to step up with the progress of the world, but keep their Indianity.
A teacher asked the Prime Minister what teachers should say to parents who are under stress about their children's exams and sit with unnecessary expectations.
All this is aimed at bringing about a wide-ranging change in the country and paving the way for the creation of a new India.
I would like to urge once again that we continue and increase the campaign that Khadi has launched.
The Prime Minister said that these steps have benefited not only the poor but also the middle class.
I hope that your stay in India will be a memorable one for Prime Minister Netanyahu, Mrs. Netanyahu and the delegation.
The government has also asked banks to increase the cash credit limit for small industries from 20 per cent to 25 per cent.
For our part, obviously we want more Japanese investment.
On behalf of the people of Gujarat and Maharashtra and the farmers who benefit from the Narmada River, the Prime Minister thanked the people and government of Madhya Pradesh for the Narmada service journey.
The women are empowered, and now they are also becoming armed.
We have now reached the information age.
The Energy and Environmental Presentation included suggestions related to various energy sources and energy efficiency.
Later, in 1945, when the freedom struggle took hold, he prepared a revised copy of that idea.
I will be going to Haifa today to pay tribute to my brave soldiers.
Leading the campaign, the Prime Minister has shared a special video on social media, appealing to the people to send a message to our brave soldiers of the Armed Forces.
The Agreement will be effective for a period of 5 years.
Both sides stressed the importance of pluralism, democracy and the rule of law as values for achieving peaceful coexistence.
Within a few hours, the video on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook generated a tremendous interest among people.
He helped in the publication and promotion of Basu's research through his articles and conferences.
As two and a half thousand years ago, the message of Lord Buddha is relevant in the 21st century.
And brothers and sisters, we cannot forget that without these great men, the history of the country is incomplete.
Today is August 9.
Addressing the enthusiastic crowd on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that today's day in Motihari is showing the spirit of a people's movement that was seen in the Champaran Satyagraha a century ago.
I am aware that the Sri Lankan government is taking several active steps to improve your living standards, including a five-year National Action Plan.
It will provide the necessary momentum for enhancing bilateral trade and investment relations.
He told the authorities that it is important to develop close ties with people to be successful in tasks and objectives.
In 2016, the Akshay Khatib Foundation served 2 billionth plate of food in the presence of the then President of India, Pranab Mukherjee.
We will facilitate the early start of negotiations on a free trade agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
May God give him the courage and strength to endure this irreparable loss.
I am saying that this is the 21st century of Asia.
Major international financial institutions such as the World Bank and International Monetary Fund (IMF) as well as many well-known agencies such as Moody's have also expressed their confidence in India's economic journey.
One of the features of the exam was that there was open discussion on various topics related to the exam.
Our festivals also teach us about social values.
We have full confidence in the courage of our soldiers.
It is a joy for me that I, along with my partner and friend, President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan, have the opportunity to jointly open this conference.
We are giving loans to small enterprises without any guarantee.
The project of the Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural cooperation between Kyoto City and Varanasi, Japan.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the people of Jharkhand on the occasion of the State's establishment day.
I congratulate the millions of people, especially the poor, who have benefited from this initiative.
But knowledge is still our best guide.
Our soldiers also did yoga in Siyatchin, where the temperature is minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
Instead, it should seek to achieve the real goal of bringing about social and economic change.
This has benefited millions of artisans and workers.
Russia has provided support on its behalf for India's membership in the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
We know how the fruits of progress and prosperity are distributed among the common man.
Due to demand and technology, the nature of jobs in our country is also undergoing a huge change.
Well, young friends, you are preparing for the exam and I am holding you in my thoughts.
He said that people should get knowledge about local history as well as the archaeology of their cities and regions.
This will facilitate students interested in cinema from the North Eastern States.
We had started the process of full membership in the Tashkent Meeting last year.
Private companies are also joining a large number of them through the portal.
This will ensure the developing energy market for them.
The Prime Minister said that we are constantly trying to simplify the processes for small businesses.
He will also launch a portal for coordination and monitoring of development activities at the district level.
The results are already visible.
Today we remember his courage, we salute him.
These measures have also increased the efficiency of energy use.
Healthy India trips are being undertaken across the country within the 'Eat Right India' campaign.
He appreciated the spirit and hard work of the people of the Nicobar Islands in building the island after the tsunami.
Apart from farming, he can also earn money by selling electricity from solar farming.
Army Chief General Dalbir Singh was present on the occasion.
India's defence preparations are guided by these ideas.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is now not limited to national capitals but has now expanded to the capitals of our States.
Tomorrow, today and tomorrow there will be such a good coincidence that Yoga will get a new dimension.
Now, people will be empowered through smartphones and digital devices with the aim of making financial services accessible to them.
The Prime Minister also said that like other major cities of Gujarat, Bhuj will also have a modern bus port.
Every sector of society, every class of people, gave themselves to Mahatma Gandhi's call in the freedom struggle movement.
We are committed to doing what is truly and green.
Now that Kisan credit card will be converted into RUPAY card, the farmer will be able to buy and sell from his card anywhere.
The main objective of this mission is to promote reading as a means of growth and prosperity.
The Prime Minister thanked Japan for providing technical and financial assistance for the project.
He said that the projects unveiled today will play a significant role in the development of sectors such as education, health, employment, skills development, transport, power, sports and tourism.
He urged the children that the praise and fame they are receiving should not be a hindrance to their future progress.
He also believed in the power of education.
A well-educated population will help India achieve excellence at the global level.
The portal and social media related to consumer protection have also been integrated.
9. Ambitious goals including key health indicators and motivating for other tasks.
He stressed that the poor people should also get the benefit of quality and affordable healthcare.
In this context, the Prime Minister also discussed the initiatives taken in the field of air and water connectivity.
He said that the result of these programmes has been that India has jumped 42 places in the ranking of ease of doing business in the last 4 years.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Jagannath examined the bilateral relationship between India and Mauritius from time to time and ensured their joint commitment to strengthening the unique ties.
Some people have taken advantage of the money provided by the Government of India in the Manrega for water conservation and water management.
Nikki Haley also extended her best wishes to Prime Minister Modi on behalf of US President Trump during the meeting.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
He went to different countries of the world and raised his voice against the bad propaganda being made about Sunanatnam religion and philosophy.
During the last three years, my government has paid special attention to the development of the overall infrastructure of the country.
First of all, I express my deep condolences to the people who have died in the recent earthquake in Aceh.
President Ghani conveyed his condolences to the families of the martyrs.
The Prime Minister said, "I am saddened by the loss of lives due to landslides in Bangladesh.
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a 50:50 joint venture of the Government of India and the Government of Kerala.
He was an effective voice of the aspirations of Karnataka in Delhi.
I commend the Urban Development Ministry, led by Mr. Venkaiah, for the Value Capture Finance Policy Framework.
The Prime Minister said that the work of social service should be a matter of pride for all.
Major financial agencies have also expressed their positive views on India's growth.
The Prime Minister said that I am delighted to know that people across Tripura are celebrating the birth anniversary of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishor Devberma Manikya Bahadur with great enthusiasm.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
The Prime Minister, Shri Modi, will dedicate the modern and expanded Bhilai Steel Plant to the nation during his visit.
Both leaders will also make their statements before the media.
With them, I have my dearest memories.
Dr. Hire was also a senior officer of the bank.
The Prime Minister said that the group gathered here today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
Our trade cooperation with Europe and South East Asia is world-famous through spices.
Dedicated freight corridors are being developed to reduce congestion of railway network in the country.
The Prime Minister said that GST will promote a modern tax administration that will be relatively easier and more transparent and will help tackle corruption.
Sister Nivedita and scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are a powerful example of this.
The Prime Minister released the Mission Action Scheme document for the Narmada flow  Narmada River.
According to the World Bank and IMF, this pace will continue.
Team members presented a bat, a ball and a team jersey in the name of the Prime Minister, signed by the Prime Minister.
He will attend the ceremonies on the occasion of one year of the state government.
The Prime Minister recalled his meeting in Malaysia in May 2018.
This has liberated rural women from the tragedy of toxic smoke.
Addressing a large and enthusiastic crowd, the Prime Minister said that today he is experiencing himself how Rajasthan welcomes visitors.
The Prime Minister said in a tweet that the Centre has assured the Bihar Government of all possible assistance to deal with the situation of floods and is closely monitoring the situation.
In Ahmedabad, Gujarat, about 55 thousand people joined together to make a new world record by doing yoga.
We have focused on removing the obstacles that were preventing us from reaching our full potential.
These heroes gave themselves for the protection of one hundred and fifty crore Indians.
More than 90 per cent of FDI approvals are being given via automatic route.
I assure you that the Government of India is committed to providing all necessary assistance to the efforts of the State in dealing with these diseases.
A memorandum was sent by the Chief Minister of Mizoram who could not attend the meeting in person.
My dear countrymen, in the Mention of Mind, we are talking about individuals and institutions who are doing some extraordinary work for society.
I once again had the privilege of celebrating Diwali with our Javanese security forces stationed at the border.
He said that the cooperative movement can play a key role in achieving these objectives.
He congratulated all the soldiers, ex-servicemen and their families on Army Day.
The Prime Minister said that I feel compassion for those affected by floods in different parts of Bihar.
From the perspective of a foreign investor, India is considered to be a low-risk political economy.
As the campaign is launched, people are invited to send letters and messages to the Armed Forces.
We are approving loans of up to Rs 1 crore in 59 minutes.
Your love is like a blessing.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today inaugurated the modern Super Specialties Rashilaben Sevantilal Shah Venus Hospital in Surat.
The Prime Minister called for the adoption of a "can change" approach to ensure positive change.
The objective of both sides is to establish cooperative institutional relations to encourage technical bilateral cooperation on innovative and renewable subjects on the basis of mutual benefit.
The hospital will provide affordable cancer treatment to patients from neighbouring countries like Nepal, including Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand, Bihar, Uttarakhand.
It contains the original verses of the Bhagavad-gita including the vaccine.
He gave examples of various ways in his reply with a response of the Hazir.
More than 40 countries have also sent their official delegations.
After unveiling the opening plate, the Prime Minister walked for a few minutes towards the bridge.
They will not be forgiven.
The Prime Minister conveyed his best wishes to Dr. Mohammad for the progress and prosperity of the people of Malaysia.
This is a living example of a changing environment.
The Prime Minister will arrive at Port Blair on the evening of December 29.
The Prime Minister also met with representatives of the Ceylon Workers Congress and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
The two leaders also agreed that given the extensive developmental experience and national capabilities of both countries, India and China as two important countries and emerging economies should join hands to provide unique and sustainable solutions to address the challenges facing humanity in the 21st century.
During a public meeting, he presented the flag of the 900th Coach and a Humsafar Rek.
As a democratic country, we share common values.
He said that the Centre is committed to carrying out all its campaigns with the help of the people.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting.
With this launch, we have embarked on a journey to create the most advanced boundaries of our partnership.
Now, some more important decisions have been taken in the interest of the farmer brothers.
He has done a very good job in this moment of crisis.
Creating a business-friendly environment and attracting investment will remain my top priority.
He said that India will be great and healthy only when its 125 crore citizens are healthy.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved measures to promote the hydroelectric sector.
At the same time, it is the country's important responsibility to protect its citizens.
Prime Minister Abe and I never miss the opportunity to meet each other.
His visit is important for both countries as we celebrate a decade of our strategic partnership.
He reiterated India's commitment to a strong and robust bilateral policy partnership with the United States.
Taking the example of dairy cooperatives, he said that the cooperative movement has the potential to solve people's problems.
Referring to Chanakya, he said that hard work can overcome all obstacles and it also helps us to achieve the most difficult objectives.
We have also decided to start an annual exchange of 100 young people from science-related academic disciplines.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today held an informal meeting with all the Secretaries, Senior Officials of Ministries of the Government of India.
The poison of casteism, the poison of communism, can never do good to the country.
The MoU will create a framework and will help to increase scientific cooperation between R&D and academic institutions of India and Canada.
• It is the responsibility of every political party to identify such leaders amongst itself and to separate them from the political journey of their party.
Under the Integrated Gardening Development Campaign, the farmers will be provided assistance for replanting the gardening crops that have been damaged.
Drug regulation and drug quality control;
I conclude by congratulating the citizens of Kochi, the Kochi Metro Rail Corporation and the Chief Minister of Kerala for achieving this important milestone.
He said that today India is not only the fastest growing economy in the world, but it has also emerged as a country that is eradicating poverty at the fastest pace.
The progress of 41 programmes and schemes of 20 ministries so far has been shown on this portal.
Five companies of BSF, CISF, RAF have been deployed for relief and rescue work in the state.
Indian women have played a leading role in peace-building efforts.
The Russian side expressed interest that when the Indian Railways Ministry decides on projects to increase the speed of trains, Russia will want to participate in the international competitive bidding process.
It is also encouraging that joint talks should be held with the executive officers of India-Indonesia.
The Prime Minister said that these efforts of the Foundation show the importance of transformation from me to us, when we think about society above ourselves.
ASI has carried out several major conservation works in various countries of Asia.
To address this problem, the Swachh Bharat Mission has now included the Swachh Iconic Places project.
In this regard, they resolved to strengthen a close developmental partnership to modernize the nation and make its people more prosperous in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner.
He said that our universities need to move from traditional teaching towards innovative education.
It will facilitate effective institutional dialogue between India and Thailand.
This will give great strength to our strategic defence.
The Government of India has launched the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Pratapada Yojana.
He said that a powerful America would be beneficial to the whole world.
Nearly all countries of the world have made this occasion of yoga their own.
He said we have to move towards transparent and resilient markets for both oil and gas.
Bhatia Pardo welcomed the decision to open the office of the Far Eastern Agency in Mumbai.
Write a few things about the people's life there, not just the buildings, not just the natural beauty.
The Prime Minister said that this bridge will bring about a positive change in the lives of ordinary people.
We have extraordinary political and public relations with every country in the ASEAN region.
The Prime Minister met with the Chief Minister of the State, Shri Pinarayi Vijayan and officials of the State Government to review the situation arising from the flood.
The Prime Minister and Prime Minister Shri Modi will hold the 12th India-Japan Annual Summit at Mahatma Temple in Gandhi Nagar, Gujarat on September 14.
Today, there was a detailed discussion between the President and myself.
On the contrary, if a person cleans the dirt around him, he gains energy, and he does not accept the present adverse conditions.
Today, India is the fastest growing major economy in the world.
Maharashtra, one of the largest states in the country, has also developed an effective scheme at its level.
He said, "Welcome and wishes of all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup".
There are many aspects that have been revealed which can certainly be beneficial for students.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed his condolences over the deaths in a bus accident in Mandalay, Karnataka.
Whether it is relief and rescue operations or disaster management, our Air Warriors are grateful to the Air Force for their admirable work.
In search of peace from the stress of modern life, people often start to consume tobacco, alcohol and even drugs etc.
He said that farmers and scientists need to work together to transform agriculture.
The countries that leave behind their heritage also lose their identity.
In this context, he said that all government approvals, including construction permits, are being issued faster than before.
Chhath Purwa is associated with the worship of the sun in rivers, ponds.
The Prime Minister emphasized the shared values between India and Japan.
It showed how historically the people of India and ASEAN have been connected to each other.
Therefore, if new technology is used in the construction of new houses in India, it will have additional benefits.
He said that the role of parents in the examination is very important.
The Prime Minister will then leave for Odisha.
Our relations continue to move upwards.
And finally, more and more coordination at the international level has to be brought in to deal with disasters.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of being proud of our history and our archaeological heritage.
Temples were usually built on a vast plot away from the residential area.
Brothers and sisters, a big decision has been taken in this year's budget to give farmers fair prices of crops.
It is a good opportunity for sports lovers to watch exciting matches.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India will be able to benefit from the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
He appreciated the officials who have been instrumental in this change.
This Bhagirath effort of cleanliness is a wonderful example of beauty, collectivity and sustainability.
We should take the oath to free India from poverty, dirt, corruption, terrorism, casteism, communalism and to build a new India by 2022.
And then he printed some selected letters from it.
The Prime Minister called on these students to take concrete action in this direction to realize their vision.
Dr. Abdul Moamen briefed the Prime Minister on recent developments in bilateral relations between India and Bangladesh.
Taking into account the cultural importance of Jallikattu, the Prime Minister said that the matter is currently under consideration by the court.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the redeveloped Teju Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
President Temer's visit will open the way to cooperation in new areas with Brazil, an important strategic partner of ours.
Prime Minister Costa himself is a huge fan of football.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on topics such as women entrepreneurship and women empowerment.
This is not only the highest FDI so far but also the highest increase in FDI in India.
I hope that the new course will further strengthen the financial skills of newcomers in this profession.
Today I will also have the opportunity to meet the people of Indian origin living in the Netherlands.
He said that in the last two decades, there has been a significant positive change in the development journey of Gujarat.
It is inspired by the truth teachings of Gautama Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the Holong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia, Assam.
I have asked the Ministry of Defence to speed up relief and rescue operations in the state.
Reviewing the progress of the Pradhan Mantri Housing Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister discussed the commitment of the Centre towards providing housing for all by 2022.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and discussed with the IPS examiners of the 2015 batch.
Protocol for consultation between the two foreign ministries for the period 2019-23.
Since its establishment, more than 7 lakh poor patients have been benefited in just 100 days.
Strong personal contact and a wide Indian public presence in Canada provide a strong basis for these relations.
According to the World Investment Report of Ankdat, India is still one of the top FDI destinations in the world.
Praising the efforts of the diaspora Indians, especially the Saurashtra Patel community, the Prime Minister said that diaspora Indians have always made India a proud country.
In a joint statement on maritime cooperation, we have unveiled the framework of our cooperation programme in this area.
The Prime Minister appreciated the progress made in bilateral cooperation in the field of defence technology.
The Prime Minister has suggested that work be done on the electronic toll collection sector more rapidly.
Today, everyone is joining this Fit India campaign.
Training for employment and self-employment is being given in order to fulfil the aspirations of young people for a better life.
Both sides reviewed the recent investments made by Indian companies in the field of diamond manufacturing in the Russian Far East.
His father Kooda Binkar provides for his family.
You are the leader of a great nation.
This holy month of Ramadan will surely help to advance this path of peace, unity and goodwill.
The Japanese people have led the world in the field of sustainable development.
He urged members to raise awareness among the communities regarding their rights.
I congratulate the people of Kochi on this proud moment.
Because Indonesia, the country with the largest Muslim population in the world, stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism and social harmony.
Raising the issue of black money on the global stage
I experienced his wonderful hospitality during the BRICS summit in South Africa last year.
The women beneficiaries shared how self-help groups have brought about positive change in their lives.
The whole world celebrates it as World Yoga Day.
He will also provide certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
We have taken many decisive steps and have created a governance system that will help India realize its potential.
The Prime Minister recalled his successful US visit in June this year.
He will address the public assembly.
Social media is changing disaster response.
Friends, in my view and in the vision of our government, the scope of consumer protection is very broad.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, yoga is yoga.
My condolences to the people who lost their loved ones in the loss of life caused by the Jagdalpur-Bhuwaneshwar Expressway.
I pray for the speedy recovery of the wounded.
Bilateral cooperation in the field of food processing between India and Japan will benefit the food processing sector of both countries.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi shared the benefits of PM-SYM scheme.
I am happy that so many participants from India and abroad have taken the time to come here.
Just a few days ago, India's brave daughter and farmer daughter Hima Das has made history by winning a gold medal in the 400m race at the Junior Under-20 World Athletics Championships in Finland.
With this, you can easily go to Varanasi and get the blessings of Lord Shiva.
I believe that we are at a moment of great opportunity in our relations with Sri Lanka.
Beneficiaries who borrow under this scheme will be provided interest subsidy on loan amount up to Rs 2 lakh.
I am happy that for the first time, the land on which houses are being built is being given to the beneficiaries.
Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel took over the reins of India in a single formula.
These are some of the questions which I want to leave to you.
We are reaching our importance in the world today through the rapidly developing airplane.
Every assistance is being provided to the state government to deal with this crisis.
The Prime Minister said that the songs and music of Bhoopane Hazirika have been appreciated by the people from generation to generation.
The Prime Minister reiterated India's commitment to fully support Afghanistan in its efforts to build a peaceful, united, prosperous, inclusive and democratic Afghanistan.
The 182 metre high statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel will be dedicated to the nation at Kevdiya in Narmada district of Gujarat on his birthday.
On this occasion, I would like to tell my colleagues from other countries about the give-it-up scheme.
1. Exchange and training of doctors, officials, other health professionals and specialists
A law was passed in 2015 to disclose funds in foreign bank accounts.
And for this you people have to take tough steps too.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate a part of the new Mejantha line of Delhi Metro on December 25.
We have just introduced the law in a manner that is lawful.
We will also get a new joy, a new satisfaction in carrying forward the journey that Atal Ji had started.
• Insurance companies have been advised to deal with the claims of victims of hurricanes as soon as possible.
After a long wait, India has managed to improve its rating.
Our cooperation and coordination on many platforms such as BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA is very strong.
Along with our UPI or United Payments Interface System, BHIM App and Rupee Card are also showing the real potential of the digital economy in India.
Furthermore, under the new law, any application challenging the decision will be settled by the court within one year.
The first phase is connected to infrastructure such as highways, railways etc. while the second phase is ensuring that the benefits of development reach the general public.
• Capital expenditure on infrastructure-related projects has increased this time by 49 per cent compared to last year.
The Prime Minister said that technology is only beneficial when it benefits the common people.
He said that the whole country, along with Varanasi, is now seeing how the vision of next generation infrastructure is transforming the transportation of the country.
Brothers and sisters, our country is full of food reserves today.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that he is experiencing a special energy in the environment through this collective text.
New AIIMSs are being opened in various states to provide better treatment and health facilities to people across the country.
He urged the people to use BHIM app and adopt cashless transactions.
The top officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog and the Prime Minister's Office informed the Prime Minister about various aspects of the scheme.
On the last three International Yoga Days, people from all over the country and the world participated with great enthusiasm.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of the roads to be built under the Central Roads Fund (CRF) by pressing a button.
The efforts made by Captain Nishaad for the progress of Bihar have been remarkable.
We exchanged views on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
I once again wish you all the best of Ramanvami.
It may be revoked by one party after six months of written notice to the other party.
He also discussed the work being done towards cleanliness and the work being done to enhance the beauty of the city.
It is therefore an honour for me to welcome a great friend and supporter of India.
Do your best today.
He also asked senior officials of the Union Government to review progress on a weekly basis.
Peacekeeping operations are not easy.
We have a strong and favourable investment policy framework to promote domestic hydrocarbon production.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
Friends, Yoga has shown the world the path from illness to wellness.
I am grateful to Akbar Sahib.
Even today, India is one of the countries that sends the most troops to the various peacekeeping forces of the United Nations.
He said that we are entering a period of increased energy availability, but unfortunately more than a billion people in the world are still far from electricity.
Shri Modi said that Pakyong Airport will facilitate air connectivity to Sikkim.
The Prime Minister launched the virtual dedication of the statue by pressing a button.
We are now globally integrated economy.
We are also partners in South Africa's skills development efforts.
The Prime Minister said that student organisations should give greater importance to sanitation during the campaign of university elections.
Today we live in a connected world.
He said that ordinary human beings and traders would certainly benefit from this innovative decision.
I wish all the wishes of the countrymen, may all their dreams come true.
He said that under Pradhan Mantri Household Yojana, a comprehensive campaign is underway to provide a permanent home to the poor in cities and villages.
He said that the cooperative movement is a coordination with the nature of Indian society.
He said that Half Kumbh will show how New India embraces both heritage and modernity.
He said that a teacher lives on the stream of lifelong knowledge.
Even hair stylists are deciding the hair design of their customers.
Yoga brings peace to the person's life by connecting mind, body and spirit in today's emergency and fast running life.
Over the past few years, I have visited Japan several times.
It is a great honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
BHIM is India Interface for Money.
The Japan Plus system has also helped in the cooperation process.
The Prime Minister said that India is moving rapidly towards becoming a gas-based economy.
I wish the entire team and support staff very much on my part, on behalf of the countrymen.
The Prime Minister said that if anyone thinks that not going to a place will prolong his Chief Minister's term and going to a place will shorten his term, then such a person is not entitled to become Chief Minister.
Therefore, the Indian Ocean has a special place in the policies of the Government.
Sister Nivedita started work on cleaning faucets and roads without worrying about her health.
He said that Shri Inamdar had incorporated this principle into his life and his life is a source of inspiration.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister urged the athletes to use technology to improve their performance.
Historically, temples have played a remarkable role in our society.
The Prime Minister will address a public gathering at Dharamshala in the Kangra district.
Today, a Japanese township has been announced.
This will boost the production of high-quality medicines, consumer goods and other medical technology devices.
These diseases are now known as lifestyle disorder.
A new medical college will be opened between each 3 districts.
The new Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to exit their business.
President Temer's visit provides an important opportunity to work in a planned manner.
The dialogue between us has been enhanced at every level.
And so this weight of the numbers also sometimes prevents us from going in the right direction.
The two leaders also agreed to promote bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner, taking advantage of the existing mutually beneficial arrangements between the two countries.
We have fought hard against terrorism and extremism in our respective countries.
I hope that the success of the Commonwealth Games 2018 will inspire young people towards the Games and raise awareness of the importance of healthy living for every person.
The Prime Minister recalled Dr. Ambedkar's words that we should build our political democracy along with a social democracy.
The Prime Minister stressed that no country can progress without taking into account the importance and importance of its history and heritage.
This is a good start.
Our partnership in the energy sector is an important bridge of our connections.
Even in our ancient texts, the importance of personal hygiene has been emphasized.
Package of twelve services for free universal screening for general NCD.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
Now is the festival of Eid.
I hope that this will help us to move forward.
The state of law and order is being closely monitored.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that banking services through India Post Payments Bank will be easily accessible to the most remote places and people living there across the country.
The Prime Minister visited the memorial in its entirety.
On this occasion, I thank all officers and soldiers of the Coast Guard for their service to the nation.
He said that the premiums have been reduced through the Pradhan Mantri Harvest Insurance Scheme, the maximum fixed limit on insurance has been removed and the amount of claims to be distributed to farmers has been increased.
In a few hours, we will all welcome the new year of 2017.
The interaction and exchanges between the two countries have always been the basis of our friendship.
My dear countrymen, on November 4th, we will all celebrate Guru Nanak's birth anniversary.
The Prime Minister said that the government's focus is on providing affordable healthcare system for the poor.
In this direction, we have launched far-reaching legal reforms.
Our cultural partnership is growing.
I was reading an old interview with Sam Manekshaw, a great military officer of India.
A legacy that has connected our society for generations and centuries.
The India-Japan trade delegation will arrive in India on the same day.
17. Proposal to expand vaccination in all states.
He said that the Union and the State governments would be keen to make sports popular.
The name of the selected bank will be issued as a co-brand on the Kochi Metro Rental Card & App.
In this connection, the FSSAI is engaged in promoting good eating habits.
The independence of the judiciary is a fundamental feature of the Indian Constitution.
He said that the biggest challenge for medal winners is now beginning and they should not lose sight of the goal of the Olympic Games.
India's economic interests can be better served by a considerable number of available arbitration experts and lawyers.
He said that the nation will never forget the sacrifices of freedom fighters.
India has emerged as a bright country in the global economy, which is also giving new momentum to growth at the global level.
The Prime Minister said that the government is providing training, financial assistance and opportunities to encourage self-help groups across the country.
For this, I thank the KIDANREN, JETRO and other organizations for helping us in this process.
Somnath has 20 thousand followers on social media.
Yoga is a code of conduct that connects people to life and then connects humanity to nature.
The Prime Minister interacted with the Indo-Tibetan Border Police and Indian Army personnel and gave them snacks.
Now some people may say why did you take two years?
Regular yoga has a direct impact on the medical expenses of any family.
Addressing the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the total value of all the projects inaugurated or laid the foundation stone today is more than Rs 14 thousand crore.
The Prime Minister stressed that action is important after laws and acts are made.
He said that the government is meeting special requirements to bring the North East region into line with other states of the country.
Because there are no intermediaries, things are very cheap.
This work will be completed within 36 months.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister stressed the need for innovative efforts through the use of up-to-date technology towards underground mining and gas from coal mines.
He praised the Prime Minister as a great leader and a world leader.
The background
Uttarakhand has been the main centre of yoga for decades.
The Prime Minister will also inaugurate the Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lahatara.
He also dedicated the first phase of Madhya Pradesh Electric Locomotive Plant to the nation.
On the energy front, we are now the fifth largest producer of renewable energy in the world.
As developing countries, our challenges are similar.
Life goes on, do you have a sense of mission and a sense of ambition?
All parties will also make a very good contribution.
The Prime Minister discussed his visit to the Sunayam Memorial - Wall of Lost Souls just before he arrived at the event.
India will work with other partner countries and stakeholders in this area to build an alliance or centre to promote disaster recovery infrastructure.
Some of the oldest colleges, schools and libraries in the country are also in Kerala.
I assure you of all possible assistance from the Government.
This is the fourth such event in a series where the Prime Minister is interacting with the beneficiaries of various government schemes through video bridge.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished all citizens the best on National Voter Day.
Renowned nationalist and Tamil poet Subrahmany Bharati is known for his revolutionary poem Pudhumai Penn, New Women and Women Empowerment.
The number of air passengers in the aviation sector has reached 28.2 crore per year.
Recently, 30 nanosatellites have been launched.
The two leaders expressed their satisfaction over the major achievements resulting from the special strategic partnership between the two countries in the past year.
And therefore, the state government is being given a lot of help in enhancing infrastructure in the state.
We have put special emphasis on implementing the various decisions taken during our last two meetings.
From the cause-list to the case-law, the lawyer's library is now one click away from your mobile.
And if we give children knowledge of nature, perhaps in protecting the environment, they can come forward and work.
In fact, it was the third largest source of foreign direct investment during the last three years.
FDI flow from Japan has almost tripled in the last three years.
The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold annual summit meetings including multilateral programmes.
In the year 2001, Atal Ji changed the time for presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
But someone has to make this decision for the country.
Both sides welcomed the establishment of a pharmaceutical plant by the Advanced Pharma Company in Russia.
Now this is the great power of our tourism.
Recently, a scheme has been launched to bring electricity to every household in the country.
He said that Germany's innovation and Indian youth can provide momentum in the space sector.
The Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone of the scheme for water supply through pipeline in rural areas of Bundelkhand region under the Government scheme to ensure clean drinking water supply for all.
It is a period of very important events in the life of the nation.
My personal contact with the leaders, government, industry and people of Japan is now almost a decade old.
Any request for increase will be considered by the State Government.
The Prime Minister said that generic medicines are now available to a greater number of people, which has not only reduced the cost of healthcare but has saved many precious lives.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the recipients of the prestigious Gandhi Peace Prize.
The new year is bringing a new ray of promise, new achievements.
My dear countrymen, once in 12 years, the flower of blue curry grows in our country.
The framework agreement was signed on 3 September 2016.
