According to the Bank of International Settlements, India is less vulnerable to banking distress among the major economies.
Recently, I had the opportunity to go to one of my favorite events.
My dear countrymen, connecting with all of you, courtesy the ‘Mann KiBaat’ program has been a really wonderful experience for me.
It will also enable assistance in collection of tax revenue claims between both countries.
The South Asia Satellite tells us that even the sky is not the limit when it comes to regional cooperation among like-minded countries.
We agreed to sustain the momentum of our relations in key areas, including energy and investments.
The Centre would be supportive of steps taken by the State Government.
The Prime Minister noted the impressive technological progress made by Israel, and its long traditions of bravery and martyrdom.
We have also done well in the field of wildlife conservation.
The unique festival Chhath Pooja is deeply linked with nature & worshiping nature.
He said this indicates India’s quest for global benchmarks.
India has always stood by Cyprus on all crucial issues.
Officials are working towards providing all possible assistance in the wake of the cyclone.
This is in line with our mutual desire for a reinforced strategic partnership.
He said this would greatly help in improving effectiveness of the exercise.
We keep learning something or the other from great men and women, saints, sages, holy people.
Talking about the honesty shown by the Bohra Community in business, Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest businessmen and workers through GST, Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
For mapping risks related to hazards such as earthquakes we have widely accepted standards and parameters.
The work of reclamation of Dal Lake is also going on.
The Prime Minister stressed on the need for an institutional arrangement that enables excellence in sports.
Our constant efforts have improved India’s ranking in Ease of Doing Business.
The sagacity of conserving rivers and water is inherently reflected in many of our festivals.
Regardless of the nature of business, Consumer satisfaction should be the prime motive.
He recalled that Indian soldiers had played a key role in the liberation of Haifa during the first world war.
Themes such as trade, investment, connectivity, youth and cultural exchanges came up for discussion.
He also raised a voice against social evils, he added.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the Smart Cities Mission.
The successful launch of the South Asia Satellite marks the fulfilment of that.
The Prime Minister will also unveil a plaque to mark the inauguration of a public housing project of 624 houses.
He commended their dedication towards education and for making it their life mantra.
He encouraged them to share and write about their unique experiences during the journey.
Speaking on the occasion, at a large public meeting in Ahmedabad, the Prime Minister spoke of the high ambition and willpower of “New India.”
The Prime Minister said that when India was not independent, its knowledge, and its traditions such as Yoga and Ayurveda were belittled.
We are a young Nation.
The growing conver-gence between India and Japan on strategic and economic issues has the capacity to stimulate the global economy.
Our parents, even today, insist on focusing on studies and academics.
Hence it is fitting that Kochi should have a Metro rail facility.
The second edition of “Samvad”- Global Initiative on Conflict Avoidance and Environment Consciousness, is being organised in Yangon today and tomorrow.
We are proud to be the global host for World Environment Day, 2018.
But we have reduced our democracy to mere ballot boxes.
The 1.25 billion people of India are keen to welcome the ASEAN Leaders as our Chief Guests at India’s 69th Republic Day Celebrations.
In this context, he mentioned the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
This line will boost Tripura as the gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
He thanked Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for the warm welcome and respect accorded to him throughout his visit.
But whenever I look at the overall outcome of ‘Mann Ki Baat’, it reinforces my belief, that it is intrinsically, inseparably woven into the warp & weft of our common citizens’ lives, cent per cent.
It has become the main growth engine of the world.
Thus all sections and regions of the country will get benefited.
He also encouraged the teachers to digitally transform their schools and its neighbourhood.
He asked officers to come up with an action plan during the Rajasva Gyan Sangam, to eliminate pendency.
62. We will build together an India, where there will be no place for nepotism and corruption.
But, we are now awaiting the rains.
He laid the Foundation Stone for pipeline and road projects.
On similar lines, on the 25th of December, I learnt of the loss of SulagittiNarsamma in Karnataka.
As a society, as a nation, the 2 minute tribute of silence on 30th January at 11 am, should become our instinctive nature.
Thus the gems and jewellery sector is a prime example of the potential of ‘Make In India’ and Skill India.
You have soaked our culture and made it your own.
Referring to the ongoing Poshan Maah (nutrition month), the Prime Minister said that the momentum that has been built up during this campaign should not flag.
This provided a chance to more and more of our countrymen to unfurl our national flag.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to ensure that adequate Agriculture Credit is available.
The country is governed by peace, harmony and unity.
As we have done so, we continued to remain one of the fastest growing major Economies in the world.
Ujjwala Yojna for Clean Energy, Swacch Bharat Abhiyaan for health and hygiene, Jan-Dhan Yojna for Financial Inclusion reflect this spirit.
I have been saying that 21st Century is Asia’s Century.
Centre assures all possible help to normalise the situation.
Indian soldiers showed it to the world that they are second to none if it comes to war.
Working together, we are determined to take our relationship forward as a ‘future oriented partnership for People, Prosperity and Peace’.
In this context, let me outline a ten-point agenda for renewing our efforts towards disaster risk reduction:
We celebrate Air Force Day on the 8th of October.
With the same spirit, I had started a similar movement by name of VANCHE GUJARAT when I was Chief Minister of the State.
Government debt as percentage of GDP is consistently declining.
Training in administration and management of health services and Hospitals;
We seek peace and prosperity for all.
This is specially essential for the freedom and peace of the exploited, victimised and deprived people and to ensure justice for them.
Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and the National Institution for Transforming India (NITI Aayog)
We are engaged in a massive push towards renewable energy generation.
I appealed to people to give a book instead of bouquet as a greeting.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on Land Border Crossing.
During this Session, the nation gets an opportunity to elect the new President and the Vice President.
India has a robust strategic partnership with all the three countries.
Early every morning, Jasmer Singh used to leave for work before Rajani and her siblings woke up.
But I was also inspired by their courage, ingenuity and resolve to recover from the disaster.
It plans to meet nearly twenty five percent of the entire energy requirements from renewable sources, particularly solar energy.
Let us join hands even more closely and strongly.
My participation in the Summit symbolises India’s highest priority to our neighbourhood and our strong commitment to continue deepening our relationship with the extended neighbourhood in South-East Asia.
Today, in the twenty-sixth meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to post offices, and railways.
Honey is nature’s gift to mankind.
We have moved towards digital platformsin fuel retail and payments.
India and Portugal are strong partners in the international arena.
“I bow to Guru Ravidas Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayanti.
India is also the world’s biggest milk producer.
India is now the most preferred investment destination in this sector.
The world has for too long seen prices on a roller-coaster.
Portuguese passion for football runs deep.
The results of these efforts are now evident.
My heartfelt condolences to the families who have lost their near and dear ones in this hour of grief.
The Bharatmala scheme is aimed at improving road connectivity by constructing national corridors and highways.
We can protect ourselves from several diseases in addition to having a good heath if we daily practice the poses and breathing exercise of Yoga.
While the global economy is going through a period of uncertainty, India has shown tremendous resilience.
It is due to his vision of development that all these states are progressing rapidly, the Prime Minister said.
He underlined the fact that the project got final sanction in January 2015 and now it has seen the light of the day.
This is a vision I share with President Xi and Premier Li.
He said the Union Government is placing great emphasis on the development of waterways as well.
The Treaty would provide a legal framework for seeking extradition of terrorists, economic offenders and other criminals from and to Lithuania.
The enforcement of award can be refused by the Courts only as per international practices.
He unveiled a plaque to mark the inauguration of Swadesh Darshan Scheme.
Who is not a fan of Harmanpreet Kaur?
Uttarakhand and Haryana have also been declared ODF, this week.
26th January, our Republic Day was celebrated with joy and enthusiasm in every nook and corner of the nation by all of us.
India and Cyprus share the common objective of bringing about an early reform of the United Nations Security Council.
He is also remembered for his work in the education sector, and other social causes.
In response to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India’s timeless values of nurturing and protecting nature.
• Cow is revered as the mother in our country.
Such Mock Parliaments will further the spirit of discussion among our youth, he added.
I extend my best wishes to all countrymen for these festivals.
The Sides noted the importance of cooperation in the area of transport education, personnel training and scientific support in the implementation of international transport corridors.
In this context he talked about the Union Government’s initiatives to bring down the prices of medicines, stents etc.
I hope the industry is in constant touch with them.
Start-Ups have been given income tax exemption for three years.
He said big sums of money that is locked up in these cases, could have been used for the welfare of the poor.
However, legal reforms can deliver desired results only when there is an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism.
He called upon all present, to work towards 100 percent sanitation coverage by October 2, 2019, the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
We are also encouraging and facilitating business and industry of both countries to increase the quality and quantum bilateral trade.
Our freedom movement is linked to our sentiments.
However, we should not forget that all the work was not done merely by the government, money, planning or power.
It needs efficiency in energy use.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Minister of Foreign Affairs to India.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lal ji had talked of creating a mass awakening on an extensive scale about the necessary measures to ensure a better income for our farmers and provide better irrigation facilities and to increase food and milk production.
He said this constructive atmosphere should be used to move swiftly towards the creation of New India.
Prime Minister Modi will dedicate first new Bhabhatron with precision technology (Multi Leaf Collimator), to the nation.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and support at a personal level.
They agreed to significantly enhance efforts to build on the convergences through the established mechanisms in order to create the broadest possible platform for the future relationship.
He recalled that during Mann Ki Baat in December 2017, he had called for organising Mock Parliaments in the districts.
The Prime Minister said that it is vital to identify the “last people in the line” so that benefits of governance can reach them.
During Diwali, Khadi gift coupon sales recorded an overwhelming 680 per cent rise.
These are also our values.
Along with this, they are undergoing a training course in skill development.
India itself has been battling cross border terrorism for decades.
They called upon all countries to implement the UNSC Resolution 1267 and other relevant resolutions designating terrorist entities.
He will release a document highlighting the achievements of the Government.
I wish to thank the Chief Minister, Siddharamaih ji, and his entire government for his assistance and efforts in organizing this event and making it a big success.
He unveiled a Road Map for overall development of tribals during the next five years.
A contribution of equal amount as that of the beneficiary will be made by the Union Government, PM said.
In the fourth quarter of 2017, we grew at 7.7 per cent.
Earlier he also expressed sadness over loss of lives in forest fire in Portugal.
This Agreement shall enter into force on the first day of the second month after the Contracting Parties notify each other in through diplomatic channels, that the necessary national legal requirements for entry into force of this Agreement have been fulfilled.
The Indian delegation, which was led by the Minister for Commerce & Industry, and Civil Aviation Suresh Prabhu, participated in the Eastern Economic Forum in Vladivostok in September 2018.
His slogan “Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan” is the hall mark of his grand personality.
Your children have benefited from this.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday evening, reviewed the progress of the Namaami Gange programme.
Together we will build such an India where nobody will compromise with corruption and nepotism.
26 islands have been listed for holistic development.
Space technology will touch the lives of our people in the region.
Speaking at the event, he said Mahatma Gandhi’s thoughts have the power to mitigate the challenges the world is facing today.
Over the last three years, we have worked very hard on the front of Ease of Doing Business.
The ten questions in the Survey are as follows:
I express my gratitude to the administration, government and especially the people of these five states, for achieving this objective.
He will witness the e-Gruh Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families.
He will also distribute aid and assistive devices to Divyangans.
He will also flag off a new express train from Ayodhya to Rameswaram (via video conference).
Will also address a public meeting.
She gave utmost importance to education and social reform.
The National War Memorial, near India Gate in New Delhi, is a fitting tribute to our soldiers who laid down their lives defending the nation, post-independence.
He said the work for the sea wall, once completed, will help protect the island of Car Nicobar.
I would particularly urge my young friends to join tomorrow’s interaction.
Best wishes and blessings to Hanaya.
This will enhance mutual trust and trade.
Bilal is very young age wise but is a source of inspiration for all of us who are interested in cleanliness.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the inauguration of the birth centenary celebration of Nanaji Deshmukh at IARI at Pusa in New Delhi tomorrow (11th October, 2017).
The sportspersons had called on the Prime Minister at Parliament House, New Delhi.
In no time, “Selfie with Daughter” became a big campaign not only in India but across the whole world.
Congrats to ISRO for the successful launch of GSAT-11, which is the heaviest, largest and most-advanced high throughput communication satellite of India.
Such measures have propelled our economy into a high growth path.
This is changing the supply paradigm (पैरा-डाइम);
They believe that the simultaneous emergence of India and China as two large economies and major powers with strategic and decisional autonomy, has implications of regional and global significance.
The high level review meeting was attended by officials from PMO, NITI Aayog and other Ministries.
The Governing Council reviews the work done during the previous year and deliberates upon the future developmental priorities.
It contributes to our energy security.
The weather has become pleasant in several parts of the country with abundant showers.
From the seashores to the mountains, people welcomed the first rays of the sun, with Yoga.
This has generated employment for the poor.
5. The Sides called upon all states to work towards the lessening of global tensions and promoting the ideals of tolerance, cooperation, transparency and openness in inter-state relations.
The Indian Diaspora in Portugal has played an important role in deepening our bilateral ties.
He stressed on women empowerment and respect for women.
We have set a target to construct capacity of 175 Giga Watt of renewable energy by the year 2022.
He said toilet construction is ending social imbalances, and becoming a means of socio-economic empowerment and women empowerment.
I will also address the Indian community.
In India,as in most emerging economies, our challenge is to grow horizontally as well as vertically.
In my experience, the more we relied on people’s own leadership, the better were the outcomes.
57 Teams of NDRF involving about 1300 personnel and 435 Boats are deployed for search and rescue operations.
I would also like to express gratitude to UNCTAD for having supported India’s initiative and playing an active role in bringing it to this stage.
The National War Memorial complex includes a central obelisk, an eternal flame, and six bronze murals depicting famous battles fought by Indian Army, Air Force and Navy.
The Prime Minister said Seva Bhav is a part of our culture.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by Left Wing Extremists, in 2016-17.
This will provide a benefit cover of over 7000 dollars annually to more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families.
He described the Constitution as the very soul of our democratic structure.
This is Prime Minister Modi’s second bilateral visit to Germany.
The Prime Minister said that the Indian Economy has grown at a healthy rate of 7.7 percent in the fourth quarter of 2017-18.
Chief of Naval Staff, Admiral Sunil Lanba, was present on the occasion.
Regional multi-lateralism through institutions such as AIIB can play a central role in helping to raise resources.
He said that this event is an occasion to honour Sarpanches who have contributed immensely to the movement towards a Clean India.
He mentioned the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
· The financial assistance announced by the Prime Minister today, is over and above the assistance of Rs. 280 crore to Tamil Nadu, and Rs. 76 crore to Kerala, disbursed earlier this month, after Cyclone Ockhi hit the two States/UTs.
On 10% reservation for the general category poor, the Prime Minister has said that this is a step in the right direction.
The whole environment is filled with sacred fragrance.
The train is expected to significantly reduce travel time between the two cities.
Government of India has made a successful effort to clean the Ganga and involve the people for this project with the cooperation of five State governments.
Increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
He said this is an indication that the world accepts the relevance of Gandhi’s ideals, even today.
First of all, I congratulate the newly elected deputy chairman Shriman HarivanshJi on behalf the entire house and myself.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do everything it can, to give enough water to the farmers.
My first two programmes will be in Sabarmati Ashram.
Hence, it is the endeavour of the government to ensure affordable healthcare to every citizen.
Acknowledging the greetings of the Anganwadi workers, the Prime Minister expressed his happiness that they had assembled from all parts of the country to meet him today.
About 12 crore farmers are expected to benefit from PM-KISAN.
The Union Government has recognized great national leaders including Sardar Patel, Babasahed Ambedkar, and Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, he added.
The Prime Minister asked the officers to fix clear targets to improve the country’s tax administration by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
Initiatives like GST and strict action against corruption has helped people doing honest business.
This is the seventh interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
We need to ensure that we build it to best available standards of disaster safety.
“Sardar Patel devoted his life towards unifying India.
The Prime Minister said that 1.5 lakh Health and Wellness Centres are being constructed under Ayushman Bharat.
Talking about Self Help Groups (SHGs), Prime Minister said that Self Help Groups play a very important role in the economic and social advancement of poor, especially for women from rural strata of society.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Mariyappan Thangavelu on winning gold and Varun Singh Bhati for the bronze at the Rio 2016 Paralympics.
He added that for the Union Government, decisions are about national interest and not political gains.
On 1 June, I will call on Singapore President Halimah Yacob.
I am delighted that younger generation is taking interest in knowing about our history, about our freedom fighters and about those who made sacrifices for the country.
The International Convention of Saurashtra Patel Cultural Samaj is being held in California, United States of America, this year.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Kalaignar Karunanidhi.
“सबका साथ सबका विकास” can be the guiding light for action and cooperation in South Asia.
The project is significant as it will ensure water supply to the drought prone Bundelkhand region.
India has always been resolutely committed to peace.
The time has now come that all political leaders and parties respect the feelings of the nation’s honest citizens, and understand the anger of the people.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and to forge long term commercial partnerships.
I wish you success in your efforts.
In August 2016 strict rules were put in place to curtail benami transactions.
My dear countrymen, ‘Mann – Ki – Baat’ has garnered accolades; it has also attracted criticism.
The PM added, “The Government is constantly working to create a conducive environment for business in the country.
His birthplace was Patna, Karmabhoomi was north India and the last moments were spent in Nanded.
The founding conference of the Alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
The Prime Minister said that the next step in this movement of Swachhta, should be conversion of waste to wealth.
The Prime Minister complimented the State Government for the efforts made in meeting the challenges of the unprecedented situation.
Applauding the various social initiatives carried out by the Dawoodi Bohra community, Prime Minister said that various efforts are taken by the government to ensure improved living standards for citizens, especially the poor and needy.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Antonio Costa today jointly visited the Champalimaud Foundation in Lisbon.
Last year, nearly 3 and a half crore people have benefited from this.
“Saddened by the loss of lives and destruction in Indonesia caused by the Tsunami after the eruption of a volcano.
We aim to make a big leap in the ocean economy through the blue revolution.
“Today, a day after Diwali, Gujaratis mark the start of a New Year.
An unprecedented number of countries from across the world, joined hands with us.
We can see in “Swachhata Hi Sewa” movement as to how the electronic media and the print media in our country can render a big service to the country.
The law against Benami property was lying in limbo for years.
India will fully support their efforts in this direction.
Emphasizing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said “playing with the well-being of future generations would be an immoral and criminal act.”
Your generation also faced relentless hardships.
This data reflects that how the government has performed the role of a policy maker and policy implementer after bringing the country out of policy paralysis.
On Citizenship Bill, PM urged people not be carried away by the rumours related to the citizenship bill.
It is also very heartening to see that the United Nations has come forward as a partner in this entire process.
India exports fish and fisheries products to about 95 countries.
This gives us new hope.
The Prime Minister asserted that the youth of India respects Sardar Patel, and his contribution towards the building of our nation.
He praised Prime Minister Abe for the fact that this project is being launched within such a short time.
Mahatma Gandhi’s philosophy has inspired the whole world.
He made it clear that the Government will be adding more number of seats in the educational institutions to ensure that the other category students will not be affected.
I hope they continue to do exemplary work in curbing plastic pollution.
In the run-up to International Yoga Day, the Prime Minister has also taken to social media to share the intricacies of various Yoga Asanas.
All of you must have celebrated Deepawali with traditional fervour.
The Prime Minister said that the government is committed to ensure timely completion of all the projects.
Guru Nanak Dev ji is not only the first guru of Sikhs; he’s guru to the entire world.
We should follow the spirit of helping the poor to be able to light a Diwali lamp.
If we talk about the three years of this government, then more than 22,000 megawatt renewable energy capacity has been connected to the grid power.
197 million bank accounts were opened in one year.
I want to humbly submit that the sale of khadi products since independence has doubled.
In a way, this is endowed with the might to transform the entire season-cycle of the country.
He said that India is making a mark in the start-up sector due to the talent of its youth.
The MoUs provide a platform for Indian Railways to interact and share the latest developments and knowledge in the railway sector.
Compared to last year, the total sales of Khadi & Handicrafts have risen almost by 90%.
He said Lok Adalats can play a key role in reducing pendency of cases in the judiciary.
Interacting with the group, the Prime Minister appreciated the group members for undertaking this initiative.
This has given us an opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
This also is saving crores of rupees for the poor and middle class people.
Not only me, whole India and whole South Africa is eager to listen to the thoughts of the Hon’ble President.
Most of the taxpayers in India would be benefitted by this decision.
We can certainly consider them if they are in the interest of our country.
So we will together build such an India where the poor will have Pucca House with electricity and water.
The Prime Minister expressed happiness that on this occasion, the devotional hymn Vaishnav Jan To, which was so dear to Bapu, had been rendered by artistes in about 150 countries across the world.
AIIB started its financing operations in January 2016.
The exhibition showcases over a hundred good practices and applications.
The Act East policy of my government puts this region at the centre of our engagement.
These are just a few examples.
Progress of important projects in the roads and railways sectors, such as the Eastern Peripheral Expressway, Char Dham Project, the Quazigund-Banihal Tunnel, the Chenab railway bridge, and the Jiribam-Imphal project was also reviewed.
He told the medal winners that their sporting feats have raised India’s stature and pride.
In the isolated regions of the Nilgiri plateau in South India, a small wanderer community Toda make their settlements using locally available material only.
This is a new avenue opened by the government for you people.
Narendra Modi during the interaction said that Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana- National Rural Livelihood Mission has been started in all states.
The Prime Minister explained the significance of both the Intellectual Quotient, and the Emotional Quotient, in the life of a student.
TheBishnoi community in the desert land of Rajasthan has shown us a way of environment protection.
He said specific goals should be set on various parameters in definite short timeframes for these districts.
This does not do justice to our rich experience and abundant design talent.
They also cause undue hardships,particularly to those at the bottom of the pyramid in developing and least developed countries.
The two leaders will attend a public function to mark the commencement of work of India’s first high-speed rail project between Ahmedabad and Mumbai, on 14th of September.
The Indian Side conveyed its intention to increase import of fertilizers from Russia.
Their husbands laid down their lives in the service of mother India.
He released a commemorative postage stamp to mark the occasion.
They agreed that this phenomenon presented the single biggest threat to peace, stability and progress in the region and beyond.
“Wishing you all on National Voters’ Day.
Accumulation of any form of waste or filth within the four walls of these places is considered impure.
The Prime Minister said, ” Congratulations to M Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected India’s Vice President.
He added that their efforts have ensured that Indian Passport is respected everywhere.
This policy seeks to transform cities, from being transit dependent to being transit oriented.
I am happy to be part of the inauguration ceremony of Kochi Metro.
There are also some limits placed on the withdrawals from ATMs and bank for the very short run.
14. Security of the country is our priority.
It is a matter of happiness for all of us that today Arun Ji is also amongst us after the recovery.
Centre is focusing on the development of infrastructure in the state.
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is: We invite you to come and Make in India.
The phase being inaugurated today will operate from Aluva to Palarivattom.
Thousands of children made paintings.
I had made an appeal to change brain-drain into brain-gain.
Beneficiaries also talked about how reduced prices of heart stent and knee transplants have changed their life.
Till August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
After Indonesia Open and Australia Open, this win has completed the triad of the super series premiere title.
For example, the housing programme in India targets ten million houses in urban areas.
Today, the government is using Direct Benefit Transfers for 59 different schemes.
Prime Minister mentioned his PRAGATI initiative for project monitoring.
Electricity reached each & every village of the country this year.
In this, India can be a valuable partner.
This Act will play an effective role in curbing crimes against women and girls.
He said Swachhata – or cleanliness – is a simple mechanism of preventive healthcare.
He recalled India’s commitment to generate 175 GigaWatts of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
Under Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana, remarkable progress has been achieved in rural areas.
Our players performed magnificently and on the basis of their sterling efforts, India has become the Asia Cup champion after an interval of ten years.
He congratulated the people of Jammu Kashmir for making the state Open Defecation Free by September 2018 itself.
The Chief Ministers of the respective States, and senior officials were present at the meetings.
He always continued to inspire more than 1.25 billion citizens for achieving this goal.
Similarly, when you are sturdy as a nation, you can be at peace with others.
We recognize the need for urgent measures to counter and prevent the spread of terrorism, violent extremism and radicalization.
This year in July, we have implemented the highly complex task of migrating to a uniform Goods and Services Tax for the whole country.
A meagre tea vendor; today you will be surprised to know that the lives of more than 70 children are being illuminated through education due to his efforts.
He unveiled a logo to mark the launch of “Preserve Mother Earth, and Transfer to Next Generation” programme.
This will not only improve our refining and processing efficiencies but also ensure timely and efficent project completion.
In June this year, we have further relaxed our FDI regime.
India is working on e-mobility.
The Prime Minister said that today, the life of a sportsperson can span several decades.
Heartiest greetings to all fellow citizens on this auspicious occasion.
As a result, more than 32000 cases were confirmed and were put on treatment.
The MoU was concluded in July, 2017
On the side-lines of this event, I hope the delegates joining us from abroad, shall have some time to see the history and splendour of Delhi.
Let me begin by congratulating NITI Aayog for organizing this global conference.
Cyprus and India enjoy close economic ties.
I am sure all of us will benefit from the experience and expertise of each other.
In this context he mentioned the agreement of Units 5 and 6 of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant.
I am looking forward to meeting the political leaders and friends in Nepal.
My heartiest greetings to countrymen on this pious, festive occasion.
Today, we have with us Ministers from several African countries.
The element of Unity in diversity being India’s speciality comes naturally to us.
Our past has always been harmoniously inter-woven.
Many programs are being organized across the country in celebration of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
As close neighbours, our relationship spreads across many layers.
The Prime Minister said that the effort is to undertake development work while preserving the environment and local culture.
17. They welcomed the signing of the MoU between National Small Industries Corporation of India and the Russian Small and Medium Business Corporation.
Ayushman Bharat will provide immense investment opportunitiesin the areas of health infrastructure, medical equipment manufacturing, and healthcare services.
These experiences will enrich your lives.
Aspects such as human psychology and behavioural psychology should be vital parts of training, he added.
This will be the world’s largest government funded health care programme.
The Prime Minister responded at length to various questions raised by the delegation members.
Our motto is ‘More crop, per drop.’
Regardless of the fact that India could not win the title, the young players of India won the hearts of everyone.
He said that these noble causes require close coordination and constant monitoring.
These projects are spread over several states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Odisha, Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
Our tree and forest cover has also increased by one percent in the last two years.
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar would spur the industrial development of Odisha, and work towards technology to improve the lives of the people.
To continue our commitment in this area, I am delighted to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in upcountry areas under this project.
We have taken note of the priority that President Temer attaches to reviving the domestic economic agenda in Brazil.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister highlighted the scope for cooperation in Energy Security and Food Security between the two countries.
He later addressed a large gathering at the function to dedicate Kochi Metro to the nation.
The Prime Minister said that every effort is being made to ensure a unique experience for devotees coming for the Ardh-Kumbh.
Our mantra is Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas.
As fellow democracies, India and the ROK have shared values and a shared vision for regional and global peace.
Despite rising oil prices, inflation is within the mandated range.
The Defense Research & Development Organization (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short span of time.
Food processing is a way of life in India.
He said the navies of 50 countries were part of the International Fleet Review organized by the Indian Navy in 2016.
I appreciate the Election Commission for relentlessly striving to ensure the strengthening of our democracy.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Centre would play a key role in the dissemination of Dr. Ambedkar’s teachings and vision.
The holy month of Ramzan is observed all across, in prayer with piety.
People explained to him, the hardships faced by them on account of the cyclone.
A single-window facilitation cell provides handholding for foreign investors.
• The Transport sector will see massive changes in the next few decades with adoption of electric vehicles;
Over the last twenty years, more than eight hundred and fifty thousand people died from disasters in the Asia-Pacific.
Progress of the National Optical Fibre Network was reviewed.
As popular business hubs, they also rank high in the levels of Ease of Doing Business.
We are the world’s second largest exporter of shrimps.
Do you not feel, that for the good of the country, this movement for honesty, needs to be further strengthened?
Government of India has initiated the Sagarmala Project keeping it in mind.
In that interview, field Marshal Sam Manekshaw was reminiscing on times when he was a Colonel.
He popularized India’s music traditions globally.
In the beginning of this year, she was honoured with a Padma Shri.
Before I begin, I would like to share with you, some recent, remarkable achievements of our scientists in India.
The whole country was concerned about saving Tomy.
You see, if all the people of one state will do this, then I will ask the government to do a scrutiny of it and prepare publicity material based on seven common things received from each state.
Savarkaralong with his band of brave hearts celebrated the 50thanniversary of the First War of Independence with great fanfare at India house in London.
The two leaders also shared views on their respective foreign policy visions of achieving global prosperity and security.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
The Committee lauded PM’s initiatives to make the government cleaner through anti-corruption measures and demonetization.
“Successful test firing of Agni V makes every Indian very proud.
Under our scheme, our fellow villagers will get loan from the government, grant, and subsidy.
This was a war in which India was not directly involved yet our soldiers fought world over, just for the cause of peace.
These seekers freedom must have gone through immense torture.
On this environment day, let all of us give it a good thought as to what can we do to make our planet cleaner and greener?
Prime Minister said that various schemes of the Government, like Swachh Bharat has boosted tourism in the country.
Some listeners send photo graphs of the efforts undertaken by children whereas others mention the role of youth in these efforts.
The theme of IEF-16 is “The Future of Global Energy Security.”
Over the next couple of decades, most of the new infrastructure in the world will come up in our region.
2. Assistance in development of human resources and setting up of health care facilities;
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will attend the Annual Conference of DGPs and IGPs on 7th and 8th January at the BSF Academy at Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh.
The Prime Minister said that today, the farmer buys in retail, but sells in wholesale.
In addition, I look forward to engaging with leaders of nine other countries, including BRICS partners, in an Emerging Markets and Developing Countries Dialogue, hosted by President Xi Jinping on 5 September.
He described GST as a “Good and Simple Tax” which would ultimately benefit the people.
Congrats to all sports lovers on the inauguration of the synthetic track in ”Usha School of Athletics”.
You speak one of the oldest-surviving classical languages in the world.
“We are really proud of the victory of Kidambi Srikanth in the Australian Open.
By removing physical barriers at state boundaries, GST will accelerate long haul transport and further increase efficiency.
Last year was the birth centenary year of Nelson Mandela.
He said the Kashi Vishwanath Temple has survived the vicissitudes of centuries.
In last three years, nearly 150 lakh hectares of land got more benefit through water conservation and water management measures.
The Government and people of India are with you in your journey towards peace and greater prosperity.
You may recall that even, in the recent Asian Games, India’s performance was par excellence.
I am happy to note that the State Government has announced 19th June as the reading day.
He also inaugurated the Super Specialty Block of KIMS in Hubali, the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal building in Bangalore and the Women’s Hostel for Students from North Eastern Region at Bangalore University, through the press of button.
He said the Government’s focus is on increasing productivity through high speed connectivity.
These amendments have brought our arbitration process in tune with global best practices.
Partaking of LANGAR together created a feeling of unity & oneness in people.
He said that in the current financial year, States are receiving over 11 lakh crore rupees from the Centre, which represents an increase of about 6 lakh crore rupees, from the last year of the previous government.
The Prime Minister said that schemes such as Mudra Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India, are helping in greater financial inclusion.
“Ustad Hussain Sayeeduddin Dagar’s demise is saddening.
Unveiling the expansion of health care system in Bihar, he said, “ It is a historic day for Bihar in terms of health care infrastructure development.
Over the past two and a half years, more than Rs. 1.25 lakh crore of black money has been brought into the open.
Strength of the India-USA strategic partnership lies in our shared values and common interests.
They can be called “nutrition rich and climate smart” crops.
The Prime Minister further said that adequate capital, courage and connecting with people are required for excelling in the start- up sector.
Inclusion of Monpa, Memba, Sartang, Sajolong (Miji) in serial No. 9 in lieu of ‘Momba’.
He said that the shared resolve of India and Bangladesh, against cruelty and terrorism, will continue to inspire future generations through the Bangladesh Bhavan.
Thus, it becomes clear that our younger generations still care for the brave heroes of our ancient past, its heritage and history.
Budget under MNREGA is also utilized for this water conservation activity.
I am told that about 1.20 crore rupees have been given to the foundation in the last two years.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi reviewed developments in India-China relations from the strategic and long-term perspective.
Indian can proudly claim that in the armed forces,our Army not only man-power but woman-power too is contributing equally.
This is a reflection of our commitment to provide houses to the poor people, to the middle class.
I have said earlier also that the combination of your hardware and our software is a fantastic combination.
In disaster after disaster, affected people are using social media to help each other.
If the world has to grow as a whole,there has to be a mutually supportive relationship between producers and consumers.
Who does not know of the sense of adventure?
Last year in November, India organized the first-ever South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
The Alliance aims at a solar capacity of 1000 Giga Watt with an investment of one trillion US Dollars by 2030.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for their exemplary performance in the international arena.
At a public event to mark the 75th anniversary of the hoisting of Tricolour on Indian soil by Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister released a commemorative postal stamp, coin, and First Day Cover.
Our foreign exchange reserves of more than 400 billion US dollars provide us enough cushion.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to cyclone in Tamil Nadu.
This is a day to reaffirm our commitment towards further strengthening our democracy by unfailingly participating in democratic processes at the local, state and national levels.
All the best for today.
All this in turn will give a major boost to socio-economic activity in the state, opening up employment opportunities for the local people.
I strongly condemn the violence and urge everyone to maintain peace.
His phenomenal contribution to the freedom struggle lives on in our hearts.
In many parts of the country, our youth and farmers demonstrated their bravery whilst standing up against the injustice.
He said that the huge reduction in piracy in the Indian Ocean, is due, to a large extent, to the military might of India, and our international partnerships.
This will help provide better health and maternity care for the weaker sections of the society.
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are marked by broad understanding on issues of mutual interest.
The Government of India has also provided support to the activities of the foundation.
May the blessings of the mighty Himalayas be with you.
The requirement of road, rail and waterways is enormous.
They need to be assured that the rules of the game will not change overnight, in an arbitrary fashion.
At Anand, the Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities, including Amul’s ultra-modern Chocolate Plant.
Till August 2017, Indian soldiers had lent their services in about 50 of the total of 71 Peacekeeping operations undertaken by the UN the world over.
On behalf of all countrymen, I wish her a bright future.
I now turn specifically, to food processing.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
We are proud to have taken numerous decisions that have furthered women empowerment.
Currently,India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
In the last two years – 2014-2016, we facilitated the repatriation of over ninety thousand Indian nationals from nearly 54 countries.
“I bow to Loknayak Jayprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
New systems are emerging.
For this, we are strengthening the entire eco-system of our administrative arrangements.
Over a thousand archaic laws have been scrapped.
I am happy to see such a large participation of Energy Ministers from producing and consuming nations, Heads of International Organisations and CEOs in this forum.
Not only this, we are also the sixth largest producer of renewable energy.
SulagittiNarsamma was a midwife, aiding pregnant women during childbirth.
This has hampered growth in inter-state commerce.
The Prime Minister described the Paris Climate agreement as a shared heritage of the whole world, and this generation’s contribution to the hope of future generations of mankind.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that innovation has a key role to play in bringing the people of India and Israel, closer to each other.
Our most beloved leader, ShriAtalBihari Vajpayee, the former Prime Minister of our country, had clearly said that human rights are not analien concept for us.
The Prime Minister said that the efforts of the Government have led to India emerging as a bright spot in the global economy.
I thanked all the parties on that day.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister noted that the Assistant Secretaries programme offers the junior-most and senior-most officers the opportunity to interact with each other.
Ekta has won the gold and bronze medals in World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 held in Tunisia.
See, the exam you are going to appear at is the exam of what you have studied during this whole year.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended a function organized by the Press Council of India on the occasion of National Press Day.
President Widodo thanked the Prime Minister for the condolence and the offer of assistance.
26. The Russian Side invited the Indian Side to invest in the Russian Far East.
The beautiful landscapes of Cyprus and the wide horizons of ‘Incredible India’ can be a source of tourism promotion in both our countries.
This number is expected to double in the next ten years.
Because of life style, because of the mad race to achieve success and because of increasing responsibilities, leading a stress- free life has become very difficult.
My thoughts are with the families of the deceased.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eliminate leprosy from this country under the National Leprosy Eradication Programme is a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi’s vision.
He mentioned the importance of conserving water, and added that in Kutch, people understood this quite well.
He also stated that within the next two weeks, the Fair and Remunerative Price (FRP) for sugarcane for the sugar season of 2018-19, will also be announced.
For this purpose, we have launched the ‘Make in India’ campaign.
Defence and Security Cooperation
Moreover, these mile-stones have been achieved even before some of the major recent reforms.
It is true that from time to time, political parties have made constructive efforts to improve the system.
The Sides agreed to explore opportunities of joint collaboration in precious metals, minerals, natural resources and forest produce, including timber, through joint investments, production, processing and skilled labour.
They agreed to continue efforts to develop cleaner energy systems, renewable energy and fuels, increased energy efficiency and technologies for cleaner energy production.
The Prime Minister encouraged the young officers to imbibe the best from the experiences that they would have had, during their attachment to various Ministries as part of this programme.
We have given full freedom to the security forces.
In this context, he mentioned the issues on the agenda today, including doubling of farmers income, development of aspirational districts, Ayushman Bharat, Mission Indradhanush, Nutrition Mission and celebrations of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
We are also looking at various strategies for effective waste management.
India’s biggest tax reform, the GST has been introduced recently.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
The capability, commitment & controlling situation through rapid decisions of the NDRF have made them a cynosure of every Indian’s eye, worthy of respect & admiration.
PM distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
It is a huge psychological battle.
Everybody recalls the efforts and constructive role of the UN in establishing peace throughout the world.
Our trade and investment relations are becoming more and more intense.
The efficiency of supply chains is a key factor in any manufacturing enterprise.
Together we will build such an India where the youth, the women will have enough opportunities to fulfil their dreams.
He complimented the people of Kashi for extending a warm welcome to French President Emmanuel Macron.
It is said that Bhagini Nivedita was the inspiration.
Through these food parks, we aim to link agro-processing clusters with key production centres.
It is my particular pleasure to welcome Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, the honourable Ministers from Malaysia and Mauritius to the event.
The Air Force also retaliated befittingly in 1965 too.
He said that in order to ensure that it is useful to the common man, this airport is part of the UDAN scheme.
Today, in the twenty-second meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to the banking sector.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the steps taken for Scheduled Castes and Other Backward Castes.
But, when we mention Ganesh Utsav, it is natural to remember Lokmanya Tilak ji.
This can happen only if businesses make long-term investments that create jobs and sustain economic growth.
A framework for cooperation is also necessary to expeditiously act in cases related to consumers from other countries.
I will be meeting with President Sirisena, Prime Minister Wickremesinghe and other eminent dignitaries.
He added that several announcement were made in the Budget to this effect.
India remembers our brave soldiers who fought in WW-1.
He said that the Tarakote Marg would provide an alternative route to the Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine, which would facilitate pilgrims.
He also unveiled a series of development projects related to the energy, connectivity and health sectors.
He complimented the Ministry of AYUSH for the establishment of the All India Institute of Ayurveda.
Powered by the energy of our youth, we are positioning India as a global manufacturing hub.
Nordic solutions in clean technologies, maritime solutions, port modernisation, food processing, health, life-sciences and agriculture were mentioned.
The Union Government attaches topmost importance to the development of eastern India, he added.
I am confident that Strong India and Strong Japan will also be a stabilising factor in Asia and the world.
The impediments encountered earlier in the grant and process of award, have been removed.
Your Highness, I warmly recall our earlier meetings in August 2015, and in February last year.
Outcome of the Budget Session
Reading can help broaden one’s thinking.
He said a new economic system is being developed along the Mumbai-Ahmedabad corridor, and the entire area would become a single economic zone.
You will be glad to know that the productivity of Lok Sabha remained 118 percent and that of Rajya Sabha was 74 percent.
Saddened by his passing away.
With their collective efforts, they have not only changed their own fortunes but have changed fortunes of the whole region.
The Prime Minister said that the visit of British Prime Minister Theresa May to India in November 2016 has put in place the framework necessary to guide India-UK relations in the days to come.
They also have unique strengths and insights.
50 health and wellness centers in Arunachal Pradesh will be inaugurated by PM .
In a short time, the new year of 2017 will begin.
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew on the success of their mission.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore always wanted Indian students to keep abreast of developments across the world, even as they kept their Indianness intact.
A teacher asked the Prime Minister about what teachers should tell parents who are stressed about the exams of their children, and have unrealistic expectations.
They are aimed at transforming the country and making a New India.
I once again urge that we should try and take forward the Khadi movement.
These steps have greatly benefitted not only the poor, but also the middle class, PM said.
I wish Prime Minister Netanyahu, Mrs. Netanyahu and the delegation a memorable stay in India.
Government has also asked banks to raise the credit limit for small industry from 20 per cent of turnover to 25 per cent.
On our part, we would, of course, want greater influx of Japanese investments.
On behalf of the people and the farmers of Gujarat and Maharashtra, who benefit from the Narmada, the Prime Minister thanked the people and the Government of Madhya Pradesh, for the Narmada Seva Yatra.
Women are already empowered and now getting armed too.
We are now in the information age.
The presentation on “Energy and Environment” included suggestions related to various energy sources, and energy efficiency.
Later, in 1945, when the Freedom Struggle gained momentum, he prepared an amended copy of those ideas.
Tomorrow, I will travel to Haifa to pay homage to our brave Indian soldiers.
Leading this effort, the Prime Minister shared through social media, a special video, featuring his appeal to the people to send messages to our brave Armed Forces personnel.
This MoU shall remain in force for a period of five years.
They underscored the importance of pluralism, democracy, and rule of law as key values to achieve peaceful co-existence.
Within hours, the video has generated tremendous interest on platforms such as Twitter and Facebook.
She helped publication of Basu’s research and publicity through her articles and conferences.
Lord Buddha’s message is as relevant in the twenty first century as it was two and a half millennia ago.
And brothers and sisters, we cannot forget that these great men are indispensable part of our country’s history.
Today is the 9thof August.
Addressing an enthusiastic gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the atmosphere at Motihari today, evokes the same spirit of mass movement, that marked the Champaran Satyagraha, a century ago.
I am aware that the Government of Sri Lanka is taking active steps to improve your living conditions, including a 5-year National Plan of Action.
It will provide much needed momentum to increased bilateral business and investment linkages.
He said that developing a close rapport with people, is one of the keys to achieving success in their tasks and objectives.
In 2016, Akshaya Patra commemorated the serving of 2 billion cumulative meals in the presence of the then President of India, Pranab Mukherjee.
We will facilitate an early commencement of negotiations on a free trade agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
May the Almighty grant them the strength to bear this irreparable loss with courage and fortitude.
I have been saying that this twenty first (21st Century) is Asia’s Century.
Major international Financial Institutionslike the World Bank and the IMFas well as agencies like Moody’s have expressed confidence in India’s economic journey.
One of the focal points of ‘ParikshaPeCharcha’ was that there were lively interactions on various topics related with the entire process of examinations.
Our festivals, impart to us many social values.
We have full faith in the bravery and valour of our security forces.
And, it is a particular pleasure to jointly inaugurate this Conference with our friend and partner, President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan.
We are giving loans to small enterprises without collateral.
The project of Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural co-operation between Kyoto city of Japan and Varanasi.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people of Jharkhand on their Statehood Day.
I congratulate the crores of people, particularly the poor, who benefitted from this initiative.
Even today, knowledge is the best guiding light.
Our soldiers practiced yoga in Siachen where temperatures reach minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
It should try to achieve the real goal of bringing social and economic change.
It has benefitted lakhs of craftsmen and workers.
Russia expressed its support for India’s membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
We know how to distribute the fruits of progress and prosperity to the common man.
With the changes in demand and technology, the nature of jobs in our country has been changing.
Anyway, young friends, you are engrossed in preparing for your exams and here I am, engaging you in matters close to my heart.
He said that people should take a lead in knowing about local history, and archaeology of their towns, cities and regions.
It will cater to film students especially those from the North Eastern states.
We launched the process of full membership in Tashkent meeting of the SCO last year.
A large number of private companies have been connected to the portal.
This will ensure growing energy markets for them.
The PM added,“It is our constant endeavour to simplify procedures for small entrepreneurs.
He will launch a portal for coordination and monitoring of development works at the district level.
The results are already visible.
Today, we remember and salute that spirit.
These measures too have increased the efficiency of energy use.
Under the aegis of “Eat Right India” campaign, ‘Swasth Bharat’ trips are being carried out across the country.
He appreciated the people of the Nicobar Islands for their spirit and hard work in rebuilding the islands after the tsunami.
Apart from farming, they can earn money by selling power generated through solar farming.
The Chief of Army Staff, Gen. Dalbir Singh, was present on the occasion.
India’s defence preparedness is guided by these thoughts.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but now extends to our State capitals as well.
It will be such pleasant blend of Yesterday, today and tomorrow that it will lend a new dimension to Yoga.
Now they shall be empowered with smartphones and digital devices to provide financial services.
The Prime Minister also noted that Bhuj would get a modern bus port, like other cities in Gujarat.
During the Freedom Struggle people from all sections and all regions dedicated themselves at Mahatma Gandhi’s call.
We are also committed to ensure, that we do so, in a way that is sustainable and green.
Now, farmers will have RuPay Debit Cards, which they can use anywhere.
The main objective of this mission is to promote reading as a means to grow and prosper.
The Prime Minister thanked Japan for the technical and financial help given to India, for this project.
He said the projects unveiled today would go a long way in developing sectors such as education, health, employment, skill development, transportation, power, sports and tourism.
He urged the children to ensure that the adulation and fame that they are getting, should not become an obstacle to their future progress.
He also believed in the power of education.
A well-read population will help India excel globally.
Portals and Social Media associated with Consumer Protection have also been integrated.
9. Ambitious targets have been set that includes key health indicators and others to spur performance.
He emphasized that the poor must have access to quality and affordable healthcare.
In this context, the Prime Minister also spoke of initiatives in air connectivity and water connectivity.
These initiatives have resulted in 42-place jump in the Ease of Doing Business rankings in the last four years, he added.
The Prime Minister and Prime Minister Jugnauth affirmed their shared commitment to further strengthen the time-tested and unique relationship between India and Mauritius.
Some people have really benefitted very well from MNREGA budget provisions made by the Government of India for water conservation and water management works.
Ambassador Haley conveyed greetings from President Trump.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
She travelled to various countries and raised her voice against the mischievous propaganda against Sanatan Dharma and ideology.
Over the last three years, my Government has placed special focus on overall infrastructure development of the nation.
At the outset, I wish to express our sincere condolences on the loss of life due to the recent earthquake in Aceh .
President Ghani expressed his condolences to the families of the martyred soldiers.
“Saddened by the loss of lives in Bangladesh due to landslides.
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a fifty – fifty Joint Venture of Government of India and Government of Kerala.
He was an effective voice for Karnataka’s aspirations in Delhi.
I compliment the Union Ministry of Urban Development led by Venkaiah ji for having formulated a Value Capture Finance Policy Framework.
The Prime Minister said doing social work should be a matter of great pride for everyone.
Leading financial agencies have shared their optimism about India’s growth as well.
“Glad to know that people across Tripura marked the Jayanti of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Debbarma Manikya Bahadur with immense enthusiasm.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
At Bhilai, the Prime Minister will dedicate the modernized and expanded Bhilai Steel Plant, to the nation.
The two leaders will deliver statements to the media.
I have countless fond memories with him.
He was accompanied by the senior officials of the Bank.
The Prime Minister said that this gathering today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
Our trade synergies with Europe and South East Asia through the Spice Route are well known.
Dedicated Freight Corridors are being developed to mitigate the congestion of our railway network.
The Prime Minister said GST would lead to a modern tax administration which is simpler, more transparent, and helps curb corruption.
Sister Nivedita and Scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are a powerful testimony to this.
The Prime Minister released Narmada Pravah – the Mission Work Plan for the river Narmada.
World Bank and IMF assess this trend to continue.
The team members presented the Prime Minister with an autographed bat, a ball and a team jersey with the Prime Minister’s name.
He will join in the celebrations to mark one-year of the State Government.
The Prime Minister fondly recalled their last meeting in Malaysia in May 2018.
This has freed rural women from the misery of poisonous smoke.
Addressing the large and enthusiastic gathering, the Prime Minister said he is witnessing first-hand, how Rajasthan welcomes visitors.
The Prime Minister tweeted that the Centre has assured all support to the Bihar government to mitigate the flood situation and that the situation is being monitored closely.
In Ahmedabad in Gujarat, around 55 thousand people performed Yoga together and created a new world record.
We have focused on removing the barrierswhich were preventing us from achieving our full potential.
These brave hearts made the supreme sacrifice in securing the lives of a hundred & twenty five crore Indians.
More than 90 percent of the FDI approvals have been put on automatic route.
I assure that the Government of India stands committed for extending all necessary support for efforts of the state in tackling these diseases.
A memorandum was received from the Chief Minister of Mizoram, who could not make it to the meeting in person.
My dear countrymen, in “Mann Ki Baat”, we talk about those persons and institutions who make extra-ordinary contribution for the society.
Luckily I got another chance to celebrate Deepawali with our courageous and brave heart security personnel.
He said the cooperative movement can play a key role in the achievement of these objectives.
“Greetings to all soldiers, veterans & their families on Army Day.
“My thoughts are with all those affected by floods in parts of Bihar.
From the point of a foreign investor, India counts as an extremely low risk political economy.
A holistic campaign has been launched to urge and invite people to send letters and messages to the Armed Forces.
We are clearing loans up to Rs one crore in 59 minutes”.
For us in Government, this is a blessing.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today inaugurated state-of-the-art super speciality Rasilaben Sevantilal Shah Venus hospital in Surat.
The Prime Minister called for an end to the “chalta hai” attitude of complacency, and its replacement with an attitude of “badal sakta hai” for positive change.
Both sides aim to establish the basis for a cooperative institutional relationship to encourage and promote technical bilateral cooperation on new and renewable issues on the basis of mutual benefit equality and reciprocity.
The hospital will bring comprehensive yet affordable cancer care to patients in UP, Jharkhand, Bihar, Uttarakhand and, even, neighbouring countries like Nepal.
It will have the original verses of Bhagwad Gita along with commentary.
His answers were embellished with wit, humour and a number of different illustrative examples.
More than forty countries have sent their official delegations as well.
After unveiling a plaque to mark the inauguration, the Prime Minister travelled, and walked on the bridge for a few minutes.
They will not be spared.
Prime Minister Modi conveyed his good wishes for the progress and prosperity of the friendly people of Malaysia.
This in itself is a great example of the changing ecosystem.
The Prime Minister will arrive in Port Blair on the evening of 29th December.
The Prime Minister also met representatives of the Ceylon Workers Congress, and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
The two leaders agreed that as two major countries and emerging economies, India and China, given their vast developmental experiences and national capacities, should join hands to take lead in offering innovative and sustainable solutions to challenges faced by humankind in the 21st century.
At a public meeting, he flagged off the 900th coach, and a Humsafar Rake.
As democracies, we have shared values.
He said the Union Government is committed to fulfilling all its missions and resolves, with the help of the people.
He will also address a public meeting.
With this launch we have started a journey to build the most advanced frontier of our partnership.
Now, we have taken some more decisions in the interest of farmers.
At this moment of hardship&agony, their service stands out as a shining example.
Creating an enabling environment for business and attracting investments remains my top priority.
He added that that India would become great and healthy only when its 125 crore citizens are healthy.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has approved Measures to promote Hydro Power Sector.
At the same time, an important responsibility of the State is to protect its own citizens.
Prime Minister Abe and I do not miss any opportunity to meet.
This visit takes place as both countries mark a decade of our strategic partnership.
He reaffirmed India’s commitment to a robust and strong bilateral strategic partnership with the US.
Giving the example of dairy cooperatives, he said that the cooperative movement has the capacity to solve people’s problems.
He quoted Chanakya to say that hard work can overcome all obstacles and help us accomplish even the most difficult of objectives.
We have also decided to start an annual exchange of bilateral visits by 100 young people from science-related educational streams.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today informally met all Secretaries – the topmost officers of Ministries of the Government of India.
The poison of casteism and communalism can never benefit the country.
The MoU will provide a mechanism and help to foster scientific cooperation between R&D and academic institutions of India and Canada.
• The onus lies on the political parties to identify such leaders among them and segregate them from their political journey.
Under the Mission for Integrated Development of Horticulture, farmers would be provided assistance for replantation of damaged horticulture crops.
ii) Drug Regulation and Pharmaceutical quality control;
Let me conclude by congratulating the citizens of Kochi, the Kochi Metro Rail Corporation and the Chief Minister of Kerala for achieving this important milestone.
He said today India is not just the fastest growing economy in the world, but also the country that is eradicating poverty the fastest.
As on date, integration of datasets of 41 programmes and schemes of 20 Ministries has been achieved on this Portal.
Five (5) Companies of BSF, CISF and RAF’s have been deployed in the State to carry out rescue and relief measures.
Indian women have played a leading role in peace keeping efforts.
The Russian Side expressed its interest in participating in the international competitive biddings as and when the Ministry of Railways of India decides to execute the railway speed raising projects.
I will also address the Indian Community in Indonesia.
PM summed up his address, saying these efforts of the foundation showcase the importance of transition of ‘I’ to ‘We’, when we rise above ourselves and think about society.
The ASI has undertaken several major conservation works across various countries of Asia.
Swachh Bharat Mission, therefore, now includes the Project “Swachh Iconic Places” to address this issue.
To this end, they decided to strengthen the Closer Development Partnership in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner, in pursuit of national modernization and greater prosperity for their peoples.
He said that from conventional teaching, our universities need to move towards innovative learning.
It will facilitate effective institutional interaction between India and Thailand.
It will add tremendous strength to our strategic defence.
Government of India has launched ‘Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojna’ to encourage infrastructure building.
He also added that India believes that a strong America is good for the world.
Almost all the countries in the world made Yoga Day their own.
We also need to move towards transparent and flexible markets for both oil and gas.
The Indian Side welcomed the decision to open an office of the Far East Agency in Mumbai.
Write not only about architecture or natural beauty but write something about their daily life too.
The Prime Minister said the bridge will bring about a positive change in the lives of the common people.
We have exceptionally good political and people-to-people relations with each and every country in the ASEAN region.
The Prime Minister reviewed the flood situation during a meeting with Shri PinarayiVijayan, the Chief Minister of Kerala, and officials of the State Government.
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe will hold the 12th India-Japan Annual Summit, at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar, Gujarat on the 14th of September.
Today, the President and I have had detailed discussions.
On the contrary, if one cleans up dirt in the surroundings, he gets energized, and then does not resign himself to existing adverse circumstances.
India is today the world’s fastest growing large economy.
One of our largest states, Maharashtra, has already adopted a plan of its own in this direction.
“A warm welcome and best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
There are many such aspects which emerged out of these discussions which are definitely going to be beneficial for the students.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
Be it the relief and rescue work or disaster management, our country is indebted to our Air Force for the commendable efforts of our Air Warrior.
The quest for solace from the stresses of modern life, often drives people to tobacco, alcohol, or even drugs.
He said farmers and scientists have to work together to transform agriculture.
Those nations who leave their heritage behind, are destined to lose their identity, he added.
In this context, he mentioned that all Government permissions, including construction permits are being issued faster than before.
Chhath festival is associated with the worship of the sun, rivers and ponds.
The Prime Minister emphasized on the shared values between India and Japan.
It depicts the way historically the people of India and ASEAN have been bound together.
Therefore the use of new technology in house construction would have added advantage, if tried in India.
He says that during exams, parents have a vital role to play.
Prime Minister will then proceed to Odisha.
Our economic ties continue to follow an upward trajectory.
And finally, bring about greater cohesion in international response to disasters.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of taking pride in our history, and in our rich archaeological heritage.
Usually they were built at a vast area of land, and often away from the residential areas.
Brothers and sisters, in this year’s budget a big decision has been taken to ensure that farmers get a fair price for their produce.
It is a good chance for the sport lovers to witness closely contested matches.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India would be able to take advantage of the fourth Industrial Revolution.
He appreciated the officers who have been instrumental in facilitating this change.
This mammoth effort of bringing about cleanliness is a wonderful example of fostering aesthetics, co-operation and continuum.
Let us pledge to free India from poverty, dirt, corruption, terrorism, casteism, communalism & create a ‘New India’ of our dreams by 2022.
And, then they published some selected letters.
The Prime Minister exhorted them to work towards achieving this vision.
Dr. Abdul Momen briefed the Prime Minister on recent developments in the bilateral relationship.
While appreciating the cultural significance of Jallikattu, the Prime Minister observed that the matter is presently sub-judice.
PM will inaugurate the upgraded Tezu Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
President Temer’s visit will open up new areas for cooperation with Brazil, an important strategic partner.
Prime Minister Costa himself is a big football fan.
“Strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on subjects such as women entrepreneurship, and women empowerment.
This is not only highest ever FDI but also highest growth in FDI in India.
I am hopeful that this new course will further consolidate the financial skills of new aspirants joining this profession.
Today I will also have an opportunity to meet people of Indian origin living in the Netherlands.
He said that the last two decades have seen several positive changes in Gujarat’s development journey.
It gets inspiration through the teachings of Truth from Gautam Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
PM will inaugurate Hollong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia, Assam.
Have asked Defence Ministry to further step up the rescue and relief operations across the state.
During a review of the progress of the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister underlined the Union Government’s commitment to provide Housing for All by 2022.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with the Indian Police Service (IPS) probationers of 2015 batch.
Protocol for Consultations between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and MEA for the period 2019-2023
In just 100 days since its inception over 7 lakh poor patients have been benefited.
Strong people-to-people contacts and the presence of a large Indian Diaspora in Canada provide a strong foundation for the relationship.
As per UNCTAD’s World Investment Report, India continues to be one of the top FDI destinations in the world.
Applauding the efforts of NRIs, particularly Saurashtra Patel community, Prime Minister said that NRIs have always made India proud.
The Joint Statement on Maritime Cooperation outlines the agenda of our engagement in this field.
The Prime Minister also appreciated the progress in defence technology cooperation between the two countries.
The Prime Minister called for faster progress in electronic toll collection.
Everybody is now getting connected with this Fit India Campaign.
Training is given for employment as well as self-employment to meet the aspirations of youth for a better life.
Both Sides noted recent investments by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing in the Russian Far East.
His father earns his daily bread by waste-picking.
You are the Leader of a great nation.
This holy month of Ramzan will definitely be helpful in further strengthening these values of peace, unity and goodwill.
Japanese people have led the world in sustainable development.
He urged the members to raise awareness among the community about their rights.
I congratulate the people of Kochi on this proud moment.
As the world’s most populous Muslim nation Indonesia stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
Raising the issue of black money at the world stage
I experienced his excellent hospitality during the BRICS Summit in South Africa last year.
Women beneficiaries also explained how Self Help Groups have ushered in a positive change in their lives.
The whole world observes this as World Yoga Day.
He will distribute certificates to beneficiaries of various schemes.
We have taken decisive steps and built a governance system that will help India realize its potential.
Prime Minister recalled his successful visit to the United States in June this year.
He will address the gathering.
Social media is transforming disaster response.
Friends, in my view and in the vision of my govt. the scope of Consumer Protection is very broad.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, everywhere, there is Yoga all around.
“My thoughts are with those who lost their loved ones due to the derailment of Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Express.
I pray for the quick recovery of those injured.
Bilateral cooperation in the field of food processing between India and Japan will be mutually beneficial to the food processing sector in both countries.
The Prime Minister explained in detail about the benefits of PM-SYM.
I am glad that so many participants from India and abroad have taken the time to come here.
Just a few days ago, in the Junior Under-20 World Athletics Championship in Finland, India’s brave daughter and a farmer daughter Hima Das made history by winning the gold medal in the 400-meter race event.
With this, you would be able to visit Varanasi with ease and seek the blessings of Lord Shiva.
I believe we are at a moment of great opportunity in our ties with Sri Lanka.
The beneficiary who takes a loan under the scheme would be provided interest subsidy for loan amount upto Rs. 2 Lakhs.
I am happy that for the first time, beneficiaries are also being given ownership of the land on which the houses are being built.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took on the reins of weaving a unified India.
These are some questions that I wish to leave you with.
We asserted our supremacy in the world by introducing Tejas aircraft.
All help is being provided to the State Government to deal with the adverse situation.
“The songs and music of Bhupen Hazarika are admired by people across generations.
Prime Minister reiterated India’s commitment to extend full support to Afghanistan’s efforts for building a peaceful, united, prosperous, inclusive and democratic Afghanistan.
The 182 metre statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, will be dedicated to the nation on his birth anniversary, at Kevadiya in Narmada District of Gujarat.
Here, on this occasion, I specially want to inform colleagues from other countries about Give-it-up campaign.
1. Exchange & training of medical doctors, officials, other health professionals and experts;
A law was passed in 2015 on disclosure of foreign bank accounts.
And for that you also have to take tough steps.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a stretch of the new Magenta line of the Delhi Metro on 25th December.
Now, we have come up with a law against Benami Property.
Witnessing the journey that Atal ji started, we while continuing onwards on that very path with a renewed joy will derive great satisfaction in getting ahead.
· Insurance companies have also been advised to pay the insurance claims of people affected by Ockhi cyclone expeditiously.
India has achieved a rating upgrade after a long wait.
Our mutual cooperation and coordination on many forums like BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA, is very strong.
Our United Payments Interface system or UPI along with BHIM App and RuPay Card has shown the true potential of digital economy in India.
Further, as per the new law, any application challenging the award is to be disposed off by the Court within one year.
The first one relates to building infrastructure like Highways, Railways etc. while the other is to ensure that the benefits of development reach out to the people.
• Capital Expenditure in Infrastructure related projects has gone up by 48% over the previous year.
The Prime Minister said technology is useful only if it provides benefit to the common man.
He said that along with Varanasi, the entire country is now witness to how, the vision of Next Gen Infrastructure can transform the means of transport.
Today our warehouses are filled with food grains.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said he feels a special energy in the environment from this mass chanting.
New AIIMS are being opened in various states with a view to providing better treatment and health facilities to people across the country.
He urged people to use the Bhim App and embrace cashless transactions.
Top officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog and PMO, briefed the Prime Minister on various aspects of the scheme.
On the previous three International Yoga Days, people in our country and people all over the world participated with great zeal and enthusiasm.
The foundation stone of roads under central road fund (CRF) will be laid through the press of button.
Captain Nishad’s efforts for the progress of Bihar were noteworthy.
We also exchanged perspectives on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
Once again, my best wishes to all of you on the occasion of Ramnavami.
It can be terminated by either Party after giving six months’ prior notice in writing to the other Party.
He also spoke of the work being done towards cleanliness and enhancing the visual appeal of the city.
So, it is indeed an honour for me to welcome such a great friend and strong supporter of India.
Do your best today.
He also asked senior officials in the Union Government to review the progress on a weekly basis.
Peacekeeping operation is not an easy task.
We have a strong, investment friendly policy framework in place to boost domestic hydrocarbon production.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
Friends, Yoga has shown the path of wellness to the world from the path of illness.
I am grateful to Akbar Sahab.
Even today, India is one of the largest contributors to various United Nations Peace Keeping Forces in terms of sending forces personnel.
But more than a billion people across the globe still do not have access to electricity.
The Prime Minister said that Pakyong Airport would greatly ease connectivity to Sikkim.
The Prime Minister pressed a lever to commence a Virtual Abhishek of the statue.
Now, we are a globally integrated economy.
We are also partners in South Africa’s skill development efforts.
Student organisations, while campaigning for university elections should give more importance to cleanliness, the Prime Minister said.
Today, we live in an inter-connected world.
He said that the common man and the trader must benefit from this path breaking decision.
May all your dreams come true, my best wishes to you.
He said that Under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a massive campaign to provide a permanent house to the poors in cities and villages is underway.
He added that the cooperative movement is in sync with the nature of Indian society.
He said the Ardh-Kumbh would show how ‘New India’ encompasses both heritage and modernity.
He said that a teacher remains a teacher throughout life.
Even hair dressers change hair style fashions of their clients.
Yoga brings about peace in this modern fast paced life by combining the body, mind, spirit and soul.
Over the years, I have visited Japan several times.
It is a tremendous honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister ever to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
BHIM stands for Bharat Interface for Money.
The mechanism of Japan Plus has also helped in the process of hand holding.
He noted that India is making rapid strides towards a gas based economy.
I extend felicitations on behalf of the entire nation to the entire team and support staff.
If anybody thinks that not going to a place will prolong their CM tenure and visiting a place will curtail it, such a person does not deserve to be a Chief Minister, the Prime Minister asserted.
That is why the Indian Ocean has a special place in the policies of the Government, he added.
Sister Nivedita, without caring for her health, started cleaning drains and roads.
He said that Shri Inamdar had imbibed this principle, and his life is a source of inspiration.
During the interaction, Prime minister urged the sports persons to use technology as an aid to improve their performance.
Historically temples have played a key role in our societies.
The Prime Minister will address a public rally in Dharamshala in Kangra district.
Today also, one Japanese township has been announced.
This will also promote the production of high quality medicines, consumables and other medical technology equipment.
Today these diseases are known as ‘lifestyle disorders.’
One new medical college will be set up for every three districts.
The new Insolvency & Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to have an exit.
President Temer’s visit provides an important occasion to work on a roadmap to achieve this.
We have increased interaction at all levels.
And therefore this burden of hankering for marks hinders us sometimes from going in the right direction.
The two leaders agreed to push forward bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner by taking advantage of complementarities between their two economies.
We have individually strived very hard to fight terrorism and violent extremism.
I hope India’s success at 2018 Commonwealth Games motivates more youngsters to pursue sports and creates larger awareness on the importance of fitness in everyone’s lives.
The Prime Minister recalled Dr. Ambedkar’s words, that we should make our political democracy, a social democracy as well.
The Prime Minister asserted that nations cannot progress unless they value and cherish their history and heritage.
This is a good beginning.
Our energy partnership, is an important bridge in our linkages.
Even in our ancient scriptures, this importance of personal hygiene is captured.
Package of twelve services including free universal screening for common NCDs.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
And now the festival of Eid is here.
I hope that this will help us in moving forward.
The law and order situation is being closely monitored.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that through the India Post Payments Bank, banking services will conveniently reach the remotest places in the country, and the people living there.
The PM took a round through the memorial.
On this occasion I extend my heartfelt gratitude to all the officers and jawans of Coast Guard for their service to the Nation.
He said that through the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, premiums have been lowered, capping on insurance removed, and claims amounts disbursed to farmers have gone up.
In a few hours, we will be ushering in the new year of 2017.
Our people to people ties and exchanges, as always, provide the bedrock of our ties of friendship.
My dear countrymen, we’ll celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti on the 4th of November.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is focused on providing affordable healthcare for the poor.
Towards this end, we have initiated far-reaching legal reforms.
Our cultural engagement is expanding.
I was reading an old interview with the celebrated Army officer samManekshaw.
A heritage that connects our societies across generations and through centuries.
An India Japan Business Plenary is scheduled the same day.
17. Proposed to expand basket of vaccines to all the states.
He noted that the Union Government as well as all State Governments would be keen to popularize sports.
The selected bank will co-brand the Kochi Metro Fare Card and App with the bank’s name.
In this regard F.SA.A.I. is engaged in promoting good eating or Safe and Healthy Diet habits.
The independence of the judiciary is a basic feature of the Indian Constitution.
He said that the biggest challenge for the medal winners will start now and they should never lose their goal of being in the Olympic Games podium.
India’s economic interests shall be better served by a higher number of arbitration experts and lawyers.
He said the nation will never forget the sacrifices of the freedom fighters.
India has emerged as a bright spot in the global economy which is driving global growth as well.
Government is also providing training, financial assistance and opportunities to promote Self Help Groups throughout the country.
I thank Keidanren, JETRO and other organisations for helping us in this process.
Somnath has more than 2 million followers on social media.
Yoga is a code to connect people with life, and to reconnect mankind with nature.
He interacted with jawans from the ITBP and the Indian Army, and offered sweets to them.
Now some people may ask why I have picked up those two years only.
Regular practice of Yoga has a direct bearing on the medical expenses of any family.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the total worth of projects which were either inaugurated, or for which the Foundation Stone was laid today, is over Rs. 14,000 crore.
The Prime Minister emphasized that laws and Acts have to be followed up by action.
He said the Government is addressing the special needs of the North East to enable growth parity with the rest of the country.
As there are no middlemen, the goods are available at very reasonable rates.
The work will be completed within a period of 36 months.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister called for renewed efforts towards underground mining and coal gasification, through infusion of latest technology inputs.
He described the Prime Minister as a great leader and a “world leader.”
Background
Even otherwise, Uttarakhand has been the main centre for Yoga for several decades.
Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lehartara will also be inaugurated by PM.
He dedicated the first phase of the Madhepura Electric Locomotive Factory to the nation.
On the energy front, we are now the fifth largest producer of renewable energy in the world.
As developing countries, we share similar challenges.
Life moves ahead depending upon the condition that whatever the sense of mission you have achieved and whatever is the sense of ambition that you nurture, whether there is any ongoing co-ordination between your sense of mission and your sense of ambition!
I expect a good, healthy debate with excellent contribution from all the political parties..
The Prime Minister spoke of his visit to the Tsunami memorial – Wall of Lost Souls – just before arriving for this function.
India will work with other partner countries and stakeholders to build a coalition or centre for promoting disaster resilient infrastructure in the region.
Some of the oldest colleges, schools and libraries of the country are also situated in Kerala.
I assure you of all possible support from the Government.
This is the fourth interaction by the Prime Minister through video bridge series with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished the citizens on National Voters’ Day.
Renowned nationalist and Tamil poet Subramanya Bharati is well known for his revolutionary poem Pudhumai Penn or New woman and is renowned for his efforts for Women empowerment.
The passenger capacity in the aviation sector has reached 282 million passengers per annum.
Recently 30 nano satellites were launched.”
The two leaders appreciated the major milestones achieved in the Special and Privileged Strategic Partnership between the two countries in the past year.
That’s why the state government has been provided every help for the development of basic facilities.
We particularly focused on implementation of various decisions taken during our last two meetings.
From cause-lists to case-laws, the lawyer’s library is now just a click away on your mobile phone.
And if we impart knowledge about nature to our children then in future they may prove very useful in protecting the environment.
In fact during the last three years it has become the third largest source of Foreign Direct Investments.
FDI flows from Japan have almost tripled in last three years.
• The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold annual Summit meetings, including on the margins of multilateral events.
In the year 2001, Atalji changed the time of presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
But someone has to take such tough decisions for the sake of the country.
The Sides welcomed the establishment of a pharmaceutical plant by Advance Pharma Company in Russia.
This is the power of our tourism.
Recently, a scheme has also been launched to provide electricity connection to every household of the country.
He said German innovation and Indian youth could together add great dynamism in the start-up space.
Keeping in line with the Government’s vision of providing drinking water to all, PM will lay the Foundation Stone of Piped Water Scheme for the rural areas of Bundelkhand Region.
In a way, this period is full of many significant events for the nation.
My personal engagement with the leadership, Government, Industry and people of Japan is now a decade old.
Any further request for incurring the person days would be considered as per the requirement projected by the State.
He said that more number of generic medicines are now available for the people which will not only reduce the cost of health care but also save many precious lives.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated all those who have been conferred the prestigious Gandhi Peace Prize.
The new dawn of the New Year, comes with the resolve of new success.
My dear countrymen, in our country, there is a Neelakurinji flower which blooms once every 12 years.
The Framework Agreement has been signed on September 03, 2016.
