According to the Bank of International Settlements, India is the least vulnerable to the banking crisis among major economies.
Recently, I had the opportunity to go to a very dear event.
My dear countrymen, it has been a unique experience for me to connect with all of you through the 'Mann Ki Baat' programme.
The agreement will support revenue collection claims made by both countries.
The South Asia Satellite tells us that even in the case of regional cooperation between like-minded countries, the sky has no bounds.
We agree to maintain the momentum of our relations in all key areas, including energy and investment.
The central government will support the steps taken by the state government.
The Prime Minister noted the tremendous technological progress made by Israel, and its long tradition of bravery and martyrdom.
We have done good work in the field of wildlife conservation.
The unique festival of Chhath Puja is fully associated with nature and the worship of nature.
This reflects India 's desire to set global standards.
India has always stood by Cyprus on all issues.
Authorities are working to provide all possible assistance in the aftermath of the storm.
We have a mutual desire for a strong strategic partnership.
This will go a long way in improving efficiency, he added.
Every moment we get to learn something from saints, sages, sages, great men.
Referring to the honesty shown by the Bohra community in business, the Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest traders and workers through GST, the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
There is a need to create mapping related to disasters like earthquakes we need to have widely accepted standards and norms.
We are also carrying out the work of reconstruction and rejuvenation of Dal Lake.
The Prime Minister stressed the need for an institutional mechanism that provides for excellence in sports jumps.
India 's ranking has improved due to our efforts towards ease of doing business.
Many of our festivals uniquely embody the spirit of saving rivers and water.
No matter what the business is, its sole purpose should be consumer satisfaction.
The Prime Minister recalled the role played by Indian soldiers in the liberation of Haifa during the First World War.
Issues of trade, investment, connectivity, youth and cultural exchange were discussed.
He said Swami Vivekananda also raised his voice against social evils.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the Smart Cities Mission.
The successful launch of the South Asia Satellite marks its completion.
The Prime Minister will also unveil a plaque to mark the inauguration of a public housing project of 624 houses.
He complimented them for their dedication towards education as well as making it a life mantra.
He encouraged them to share unique experiences and write on the subject during the visit.
Addressing a huge crowd in Ahmedabad, Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke of the high ambition and willpower of a "New India."
The Prime Minister said that when India was not independent, the importance of India 's heritage and knowledge wealth like yoga and Ayurveda was reduced.
We are a young country.
The growing convergence between India and Japan on strategic and economic issues has the potential to provide new impetus to the global economy.
Our parents insist on focusing on studies and academics even today.
Therefore, it is appropriate that Kochi should have a metro rail facility.
The second edition of the Dialogue for Conflict Prevention and Environmental Consciousness is being held in Yangon today and tomorrow.
We are proud to be the global host for World Environment Day 2018.
But we know that we have restricted democracy to the ballot paper.
1.25 billion Indians look forward to welcoming the leaders of ASEAN countries as our chief guests at India 's 69th Republic Day celebrations.
In this context, he referred to the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
This railway line will prove to be Tripura 's gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
He thanked Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for the warm welcome and the respect extended to him throughout his visit.
But whenever I look at the impact of 'Mann Ki Baat', I firmly believe that 'Mann Ki Baat' is 100 per cent connected with the people of this country.
It has become the world 's main growth engine.
It will thus benefit all regions and sections of the country.
He also encouraged the teachers to bring digital transformation in their schools and surroundings.
He asked the officials to prepare an action plan during the Revenue Gyan Sangam to reduce the delay in these cases.
Together, we will build an India where corruption and nepotism will not be compromised.
But the rain is waiting.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of pipeline and road projects.
Similarly, on 25 December, the death of Sulagitti Narasamma of Karnataka was reported.
As a society, as a country, 30th January, 11 o 'clock 2 minutes tribute, it should become instinctive.
Therefore, the gems and jewellery sector is the biggest example of the potential of 'Make in India' and 'Skill India'.
You have imbibed our culture and made it your own.
Referring to the ongoing Poshan Maah, the Prime Minister said that the momentum that has come during this campaign should not diminish.
This allowed more and more Indians to hoist their national flags.
He also said that the government will ensure that adequate agricultural credit is available.
The country is run by peace, goodwill and unity.
As we have done, we are still counted among the fastest growing economies in the world.
Ujjwala Yojana for clean energy to the people of the country, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan for health and hygiene, Jan-Dhan Yojana for financial inclusion are a reflection of this spirit.
I have been saying this thing that the 21st century is Asia 's century.
The Centre assures all possible help to normalise the situation.
The Indian soldiers showed the world that they were second to none when it came to war.
Working together, we want to take our mutual relations to a future-oriented partnership for people, prosperity and peace.
In this context, we have outlined a ten-point agenda for renewing our efforts towards disaster risk reduction, which are as follows:
On 8th October, we celebrate 'Air Force Day'.
It was with this spirit when I was the Chief Minister of Gujarat that I launched a similar movement called 'Vanche Gujarat'.
The government debt burden as a percentage of GDP is steadily decreasing.
Training and management for the administration of health services and hospitals;
We aspire for peace and prosperity for all.
This is especially imperative to ensure freedom, peace and justice for the oppressed, the oppressed and the marginalised.
MoU between the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and the National Institute for Transforming India (NITI Aayog)
We are rapidly moving towards renewable energy generation.
I appealed to people to give each other a book instead of a bouquet of good wishes.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on Land Border Crossing.
This is the session when the country has got an opportunity to elect a new President and a new Vice President.
India has had strong strategic ties with all three countries.
Jasmer Singh would leave for work every morning before Rajni and her siblings could wake up.
But I was inspired by the courage, ingenuity and determination of the people to overcome the disaster.
It plans to source about 25 per cent of its total energy needs from renewable sources, particularly solar power.
Let us now join hands much closer and stronger.
My participation in the Summit reflects India 's high priority for its neighbours and resolve to continue to deepen our relations with our neighbours in South-East Asia.
In the 26th meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress made in terms of complaints and redressal related to post offices and railways.
Honey is a gift from nature to humans.
We have moved towards a digital platform in fuel retail and payments.
India and Portugal are also strong partners on the international stage.
"I bow to Guru Ravidass Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidass Jayanti.
At the same time, India is a large milk-producing country.
India is now one of the most preferred countries for investment in the region.
The world has seen price fluctuations for a long time.
The passion for football is quite deep in Portugal.
The results of these efforts are now showing.
My thoughts and every Indian 's are with his family in this hour of grief.
The Bharatmala Yojana aims to improve road connectivity by building national corridors and highways.
If we practice asanas and pranayama regularly, we can maintain good health as well as protect ourselves from many diseases.
India has shown tremendous resilience at a time when the global economy is in a period of uncertainty.
The Prime Minister said that it is his vision for development that all these states are making rapid progress.
He underlined that the project was approved in January 2015 and is now available for use.
This is the vision shared by me, President Xi, and Prime Minister Li.
He said that the Central Government is also laying a lot of emphasis on the development of waterways.
The treaty will provide the legal framework for the extradition of terrorists, economic offenders and other criminals from Lithuania to India and from India to Lithuania.
The court 's refusal to enforce the ruling can only be made in accordance with international practices.
He inaugurated the Swadesh Darshan scheme by unveiling a plaque there.
Who is not a fan of Harmanpreet Kaur?
Uttarakhand and Haryana were also declared ODF this week.
On 26th January, our 'Republic Day' was celebrated by all of us with zeal and enthusiasm in every nook and corner of the country.
India and Cyprus share the same objective of early reform of the UN Security Council.
He is also remembered for his work in the field of education and other social concerns.
Responding to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India 's timeless values for nature conservation and conservation.
• The cow is considered to be the mother in our country.
He said that organizing such artificial parliaments will increase the spirit of debate among our youth.
Best wishes to all of you countrymen on all these festivals.
Both sides underlined the importance of cooperation in the field of traffic education, personnel training and scientific support for the implementation of international traffic corridors.
In this context, he mentioned the initiatives of the central government that have led to a reduction in the price of medicines and a reduction in the price of stents.
I hope the industry will be in constant touch with him.
Start-ups are exempt from paying income tax for 3 years.
He said that in these cases, large sums of money held back could have been used for the welfare of the poor.
However, legal reforms can yield the desired results only if an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism is available.
He appealed to all present to work towards 100% sanitation coverage by Mahatma Gandhi 's 150th birth anniversary, 2nd October, 2019.
We will also encourage and facilitate trade and industry between the two countries to increase the quality and volume of bilateral trade.
The freedom struggle is more connected to the spirit of our people.
But let 's not forget that it's not just government, money, planning, power that gets the job done.
Efficiency in the use of energy is essential.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Foreign Minister to India.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia had even talked about mass awareness to ensure better income, better irrigation facilities and all that for our farmers and to increase food and milk production.
He said this creative environment should be used to build a New India at a faster pace.
The Prime Minister will first launch the new Bhabhatron Precision Technology (Multi Leaf Collimator).
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and personal support.
They also agreed to broaden their efforts to further develop existing linkages through already established mechanisms to create the largest possible platform for future relations.
He recalled his address during Mann Ki Baat in 2017 in which he had appealed for holding artificial parliaments in districts.
The Prime Minister said that it is important to identify the "last in line" so that the benefits of governance reach them.
The sale of Khadi gift coupons has registered a growth of around 680% during Diwali.
These are also our values.
She is also doing a skill development course along with it.
India itself has been battling cross-border terrorism for decades.
He called on all countries to implement United Nations Security Council Resolution 1267.
The Prime Minister will release a document highlighting the achievements of the government.
I thank Chief Minister Ramyaiah ji and his entire government for organizing this event and for the cooperation and efforts made to make it a success.
He unveiled a roadmap for the overall development of the tribes during the next five years.
He said that the amount equal to the amount contributed by the beneficiary will be contributed by the Central Government.
India 's economic growth rate in the fourth quarter of the financial year 2017-18 has been 7.7 per cent.
Earlier, he condoled the loss of lives due to forest fires in Portugal.
The Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Armenia on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Customs Matters shall be signed on behalf of the Government of India and that the necessary national legal requirements for the entry into force of this Agreement have been met.
The Indian delegation led by Shri Suresh Prabhu, Minister of Commerce & Industry and Civil Aviation participated in the Eastern Economic Forum in September 2018.
His slogan of 'Jai Jawan Jai Kisan' is the hallmark of this towering personality of his.
Your children have benefited from this.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday evening reviewed the progress of the Namami Gange programme.
Together, we will build an India where there will be no compromise on corruption and nepotism.
A list of 26 islands has been prepared for overall development.
Space technology will connect with the lives of our people in this region.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that Mahatma Gandhi 's thoughts have the power to solve today's challenges in the world.
During the last three years, we have worked tirelessly on the ease of doing business front.
The 10 questions of the survey are as follows:
I express my special gratitude to the administration, governance and people of these five states for fulfilling this task.
He will witness the e-Gruh Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families.
They will also distribute assistive devices to persons with disabilities.
He will also flag off a new express train from Ayodhya to Rameswaram through video conferencing.
I will also address a public meeting.
He attached the highest importance to education and social reform.
The National War Memorial near India Gate in New Delhi is a fitting tribute to our jawans who laid down their lives to protect the country after independence.
He said that once the sea wall is ready, it will help in the security of Car-Nicobar Island.
I especially request my young friends to participate in tomorrow 's interaction.
All the best and blessings to Hanaya.
This will also increase mutual trust and trade.
Bilal Dar is young but a source of inspiration for everyone interested in cleanliness.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate the birth centenary celebrations of Nanaji Deshmukh tomorrow (October 11,2017) at IARI, Pusa, New Delhi.
The medal winners called on the Prime Minister at Parliament House.
Soon, there was a big campaign 'Selfie with daughter' not only in India, but all over the world.
Congratulations to ISRO on the successful launch of India 's heaviest, largest and most advanced communication satellite-GSAT-11. "
With these measures, our economy is now on a fast track to growth.
It is changing the supply perspective;
He believes that the simultaneous rise of India and China as two large economies and important powers, including strategic and decision-making freedom, is of regional and international importance.
The high-level review meeting was attended by officials from the PMO, NITI Aayog and other ministries.
The Administrative Council reviews the work done during the past year and deliberates on future development priorities.
It contributes to our energy security.
The weather has become pleasant with torrential rains in many parts of the country.
From the water to the mountains, people welcomed the sun 's rays early in the morning through yoga.
Livelihoods have reached the hands of the poor.
5. Both countries called on all countries to reduce global tensions and encourage the ideals of tolerance, cooperation, transparency, and openness in inter-state relations.
The Indian community in Portugal has been instrumental in deepening our bilateral relations.
The emphasis was on women 's empowerment and respect for women.
We have set a target of ensuring capacity addition of 175 GW of renewable energy by 2022.
He said that construction of toilets is becoming a medium of social and economic and women empowerment while eliminating social imbalances.
I will also address the Indian community.
In India, as in most emerging economies, our challenge will grow both horizontally and vertically.
From my experience, we have to rely on people 's leadership to achieve better results.
57 teams of NDRF, including 1,300 personnel and 435 boats, have been engaged in search and rescue operations.
I would also like to express my gratitude to UNCTAD for taking this initiative of India forward with strength and playing an active role in bringing it to this form.
The National War Memorial complex includes a central quadrangle pillar, an eternal flame, and six bronze murals depicting famous battles fought by the Indian Army, Air Force, and Navy.
The Prime Minister said that the spirit of service is a part of our culture.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by Left Wing Extremism in 2016-17.
Under this, more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families will get insurance cover of more than $7,000 per year.
He described the Constitution as the soul of our democratic framework.
This is Prime Minister Modi 's second bilateral visit to Germany.
The Prime Minister said that the Indian economy grew at a healthy rate of 7.7 per cent in Q4 of 2017-18.
Indian Navy Chief Admiral Sunil Lanba was also present on the occasion.
Regional multilateralism through institutions such as the AIIB can play a significant role in helping mobilize the necessary resources.
He said that this event has been organized to honour the women Sarpanches who have contributed immensely to the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
The Prime Minister spoke of the work being done towards modernising the transport infrastructure.
The financial assistance announced by the Prime Minister today is in addition to the Rs 280 crore given to Tamil Nadu and Rs 76 crore given to Kerala earlier this month.
Referring to the 10 per cent reservation for the general category poor, the Prime Minister said it was a step in the right direction.
The entire ambience is enveloped by the sacred fragrance.
The train is likely to significantly reduce travel time as it runs between the two cities.
The Government of India, in collaboration with 5 state governments, made a successful effort to connect people for a clean Ganga in the past.
An increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
He said this is an indication that even today the world acknowledges the relevance of Mahatma Gandhi 's ideals.
First of all, on behalf of the House and on my own behalf, I heartily congratulate the newly elected Deputy Chairman, Shri Harivansh ji.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do whatever it can to provide adequate water to farmers.
My first two engagements will be at the Sabarmati Ashram.
It is, therefore, the endeavour of the government to ensure subsidised healthcare to every citizen.
Acknowledging the congratulations of the Anganwadi workers, the Prime Minister expressed happiness that they have come from all parts of the country to meet him.
The Prime Minister said that about 12 crore farmers are likely to benefit from the PM-KISAN scheme.
The central government has recognised great national leaders including Sardar Patel, Babasaheb Ambedkar and Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose.
The Prime Minister asked the officials to set clear targets to improve the country 's tax administration by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
Programmes like GST and stringent action on corruption have helped people do business honestly.
This is the seventh in a series of interactions of the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of government schemes.
We need to ensure that high standards of disaster safety are followed in their construction.
"Sardar Patel devoted his life to uniting India.
The Prime Minister said 1.50 lakh health and wellness centres are being built under Ayushman Bharat.
Talking about self-help groups, the Prime Minister said that self-help groups play an important role in economic and social progress for the poor of the society, especially women from rural sections.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Rio 2016 Paralympics Gold Medalist Mariyappan Thangavelu and Bronze Medalist Varun Singh Bhati.
He also said that the central government takes decisions keeping in mind the national interest and not for political gains.
Prime Minister Modi said, "I will meet President Halimah Yacob of Singapore on 1 June.
I am happy that the younger generation is interested in knowing about our history, our freedom fighters, the people who sacrificed for this country.
The International Conference of Saurashtra Patel Cultural Society is being held in California, USA this year.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of K. Karunanidhi.
'Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas' can be our guiding light for cooperation and actions in South Asia.
The project is significant in the sense that it will provide water supply to the drought-hit Bundelkhand region.
India has always been committed and dedicated to peace.
Now the time has come for all the politicians and political parties to respect the sentiments of the honest citizens of the country, understand the anger of the people.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and become long-term commercial partners.
I wish you success in your endeavours.
In August 2016, a strict set of rules were put in place to curb benami transactions.
My dear countrymen, 'Mann Ki Baat' has been appreciated and criticized.
"The government is constantly working to create a business-friendly environment in the country.
The birthplace is in Patna, the karmabhoomi is in North India and the last moment of life is in Nanded.
The Founding Conference of the Alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
The next step in this movement should be to convert waste into a valuable product.
The Prime Minister has appreciated the efforts being made by the state government to deal with this unprecedented crisis.
Praising the various social initiatives being taken by the Dawoodi Bohra community, the Prime Minister said that the government has made several efforts to ensure that the living standards of the citizens, especially the poor and needy, are improved.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister of Portugal António Costa visited the Champalimaud Foundation in Lisbon today.
Last year, about 3.5 crore people have benefited from it.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "Saddened by the loss of lives and destruction caused by the tsunami following the eruption of a volcano in Indonesia.
We aim to take a giant leap forward in the maritime economy through the Blue Revolution.
The Prime Minister said, "Gujaratis celebrate the beginning of the new year on the day after Diwali.
An unexpected number of countries from all over the world joined us.
In the 'Swachhata Hi Seva' movement, we can see how much the electronic media of our country, the print media of our country can serve the country.
For how many years did the law hang on the benami property holders?
India will fully support their efforts in this direction.
Stressing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said that "playing with future generations would be an immoral and criminal act."
Your generation has also faced constant hardships.
These figures show how the government has moved out of policy paralysis to play the role of policy maker and policy implementer.
On the Citizenship Act Bill, the Prime Minister urged people not to pay heed to rumours.
Friends, It is also very heartening to see the United Nations come forward as an ally in this entire process.
India exports fish and fish products to about 95 countries.
This work gives a new confidence.
The Prime Minister stressed that the youth of India respects Sardar Patel and his contribution to the building of our nation.
He complimented Prime Minister Abe for launching the project in such a short span of time.
Mahatma Gandhi 's thought has inspired the whole world.
He made it clear that the government will ensure availability of more seats in educational institutions so that students from other categories are not affected.
I hope these plastics will continue the exemplary work of curbing pollution.
On the eve of International Yoga Day, the Prime Minister took to social media to explain the complexities of various yoga asanas.
Diwali will be celebrated with a lot of joy for all of you.
The Prime Minister said that his government is committed to completing all projects in a time-bound manner.
Guru Nanak Dev Ji is not only the first Guru of the Sikhs but he is also the Jagat-Guru.
Let us work with the spirit of buying Khadi and lighting Diwali Diya in the house of the poor.
If we talk about the three years of this government, more than 22 thousand MW of new renewable energy capacity has been connected to the grid power.
197 million bank accounts were opened in a year.
With the tradition of selling as much Khadi as there was since independence, I humbly say today, the sale of Khadi has already doubled.
It has the power to change the weather of the entire country.
He said India is creating records in the startup sector on the strength of the talent of its youth.
The MoU provides an opportunity for Indian Railways to exchange latest developments and knowledge in the railway sector.
The total sales of Khadi and handicrafts have also seen an increase of about 90% this year from the previous year.
He said that Lok Adalats can play a major role in expeditious disposal of cases pending with the judiciary.
The month-long expedition will cover the distance from Haridwar to Patna through river rafting.
This has given us an opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
This is also saving crores of rupees of the large consumer class belonging to the poor and middle class.
Not only me, but the whole of India, and the whole of South Africa, is eager to hear the views of the President.
Almost the maximum number of taxpayers in India are going to benefit a lot from this.
If these suggestions are in the interest of our country, we will definitely consider them.
And so together we will build an India where the poor have a pucca house, electricity, water.
The Prime Minister expressed happiness that Mahatma Gandhi 's favourite bhajan Vaishnav Jan was sung by artists from 150 countries all over the world.
The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) started its funding-related operations in January 2016.
The exhibition showcases more than a hundred good practices and imitations.
My Government 's Act East Policy places the region at the heart of cooperation.
These are some examples of improvements.
The progress of important projects in road and railway sectors such as Eastern Peripheral Expressway, Char Dham Project, Kozhikode-Banihal Tunnel, Chenab Railway Bridge and Jiribam-Imphal Project were reviewed.
He told the medal winners that their performance has made India proud.
Broken into a small nomadic community in the isolated areas of the Nilgiri Plateau of South India, their settlements are traditionally made up of locally available items.
This is a new path that the government has opened for you.
During the interaction, Shri Narendra Modi said that Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana-National Rural Livelihoods Mission has been launched in all the states.
The Prime Minister said that both IQ (Intellectual Skills) and EQ (Emotional Skills) are of great importance in student life.
In a desert like Rajasthan, the Bishnoi community has shown us the way to conserve the environment.
He said that specific targets based on various criteria should be set for these districts in a short time-frame.
This is not justice with our rich experience and abundant design talent.
Such efforts create undue difficulties, especially for those in the developed and least developed countries who are at the bottom.
The two leaders will attend a public ceremony on 14 September to mark the start of construction in India of India 's high-speed rail project running between Ahmedabad and Mumbai.
The Indian side expressed its intention to increase the import of fertilizers from Russia.
Unusual because Swati and Nidhi were serving Maa-Bharati when her husband was martyred.
He had also released a commemorative postage stamp on the occasion.
He acknowledged that this was the single greatest threat to peace, stability and progress in the region.
"I extend my best wishes to all of you on National Voters 'Day.
Any accumulation of waste or dirt within the four walls of these places is considered impure.
The Prime Minister said, "Congratulations to M. Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected the Vice President of India.
He said that the efforts of the Indian diaspora have ensured respect for Indian passports everywhere.
The policy seeks to transform cities into transit-centric rather than transit-dependent.
It gives me immense pleasure to participate in the inauguration ceremony of the Kochi Metro.
Cash withdrawals from ATMs and banks have also been capped for a short period of time.
Benami properties worth over Rs 800 crore have been seized by the government.
It is a matter of happiness for us that after his recovery, our Arun ji is also among us today.
The central government is also emphasizing on the development of infrastructure in the state.
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is: We invite you to the Make in India event.
The phase to be inaugurated today will operate from Aluva to Palarivattom.
Thousands of children made paintings.
I had appealed to change the brain-drain to brain-gain.
The beneficiaries explained how the reduction in the cost of heart stents and knee implants has transformed their lives.
As of August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
This is his third Super Series Premiere title after Indonesia Open and Australia Open.
For example, under India 's housing programme, a target has been set to build 10 million houses in urban areas.
Today, the government is using Direct Benefit Transfer for 59 different schemes.
The Prime Minister mentioned his PRAGATI initiative for project monitoring.
Electricity reached every village of the country.
India can be a better partner in this regard.
This law will play an effective role in curbing cases of crime against women and girls.
He said that sanitation is a simple measure for preventive health care.
He recalled India 's commitment to generate 175 GW of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
Significant progress has been made in rural areas under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
Our players gave a great performance and on the basis of this, India has become the Asia Cup champion after ten years.
He complimented the people of the state for declaring Jammu and Kashmir open defecation free in September 2018.
Chief Ministers and senior officials of these states were also present in the meetings.
He always inspired 125 crore countrymen to achieve this goal.
Similarly, when you are strong as a country, you can be peaceful with everyone.
We understand the need to take urgent measures to prevent the spread of terrorism, extremism and violent extremism.
In July this year, we have implemented a uniform Goods and Services Tax system across the country.
A small tea seller, today you will be surprised to know that education is shining in the lives of more than 70 children.
He unveiled a logo for the launch of the 'Save Mother Earth and Transfer to Next Generation' programme.
This will not only improve our refining and processing capacity, but also allow for timely and efficient project completion.
In July this year, we relaxed our FDI regime.
India is also working on e-mobility.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today said that in the present times, a sportsperson 's life spans many decades.
Best wishes to all the countrymen on this auspicious festival.
As a result, more than 32,000 cases were confirmed and started treatment.
The MoU was signed on July, 2017.
I hope that the delegates from abroad will have some time to see the history and glory of Delhi.
I begin by congratulating NITI Aayog for hosting this global conference.
India and Cyprus enjoy close economic relations.
I am sure we will all benefit from each other 's experience and expertise.
In this regard, he mentioned the agreement for units 5 and 6 of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant.
I look forward to my meeting with the politicians and friends of Nepal.
My best wishes to the countrymen on this holy festival of Ram Navami.
Today, ministers from many African countries are present among us.
We people say very naturally-unity in diversity, characteristic of India.
Our past has always been moderately woven inward.
Several events are being held across the country to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary year of Mahatma Gandhi.
As close neighbours, our relations span many layers.
The Prime Minister said that it is our endeavour to start development work while preserving the environment and local culture.
17. Both sides welcomed the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding between the National Small Industries Corporation of India and the Small and Medium Business Corporation of Russia.
The Ayushman Bharat scheme will provide vast investment opportunities in health infrastructure, medical device manufacturing, and healthcare.
These experiences will enrich your life.
He further said that human psychology and applied psychology should be important parts of training.
It will be the world 's largest government-funded health programme.
The Prime Minister answered various questions posed by the members of the delegation in detail.
Our slogan is more crops, reflections.
Even though India did not win the title, the young players of India won everyone 's heart.
He said that these noble deeds require close coordination and constant monitoring.
These projects pertain to various states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
Our trees and forests have grown by one per cent in the last 2 years.
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar will give impetus to the industrial development of Odisha and work towards using technology to improve the quality of life of the people.
To continue our commitment in this area, I am happy to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in the off-region areas under this project.
We noted that President Temer 's priority includes reviving the domestic economic agenda in Brazil.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister highlighted the immense potential for cooperation between the two countries in the areas of energy security and food security.
He later addressed a huge public meeting at a function organised to dedicate the Kochi Metro to the nation.
The Prime Minister said that every effort is being made to ensure a unique experience for the devotees visiting Ardh Kumbh.
Our mantra is Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas.
Being partners in democracy, the Republic of Korea and India share common ideals and vision for regional and global peace.
Despite rising crude oil prices, inflation remains within the prescribed range.
The Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short time.
Food processing is the way of life in India.
He said that navies from 50 countries participated in the International Fleet Review organized by the Indian Navy in 2016.
I commend the Election Commission for its continued efforts to strengthen our democracy.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Centre would play an important role in spreading Dr. Ambedkar 's vision and education.
The holy month of Ramzan was celebrated with pious fervour in all distant places of worship.
People shared with the Prime Minister the hardships caused by the storm.
The single window support cell provides support to foreign investors.
The transport sector will undergo a huge transformation after the adoption of electric vehicles in the next few decades;
In the last 20 years, 580,000 people have died due to disasters in the Asia Pacific region.
The progress of the National Optical Fibre Network was reviewed.
As a popular business centre, they also rank high in the Ease of Doing Business rankings.
We are the second largest exporter of shrimp in the world.
Don 't you think that the movement of honesty needs to be given more strength for the good of the country?
Keeping this in mind, the central government is also running the Sagarmala program.
In that interview, Field Marshal Manekshaw was recalling the time when he was a colonel.
He popularised India 's musical traditions globally.
Earlier this year, he was awarded the 'Padma Shri'.
Before I begin, I would like to share with you some of the recent notable achievements of our scientists in India.
The whole country was worried about how to save Tommy.
You see, if everyone in a state says so, I would ask the government to scrutinize it and prepare propaganda literature on what seven common things have come from each state.
The heroes of London 's India House, including Savarkar, celebrated its 50th anniversary with fanfare.
The two leaders exchanged views on their respective visions on foreign policy for achieving global prosperity and security.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
The committee has also appreciated the steps taken by the Prime Minister to make the government machinery corruption-free through demonetisation and anti-corruption measures.
"Every Indian is extremely proud of the successful test firing of Agni-V.
Under that scheme, our poor brothers and sisters will get loans, grants, subsidies from the government.
It was a war in which India was not directly involved, yet only for the sake of peace our soldiers fought all over the world.
What tortures the freedom fighters must have suffered.
On this Environment Day, let us all think about what we can do to make our planet cleaner and greener.
The Prime Minister said that various schemes of the government like Swachh Bharat have given a boost to tourism in the country.
Some send photos of the children 's efforts, while others tell a story of the team efforts of the youth.
The theme of IEF-16 is 'The Future of Global Energy Security'.
The world 's largest infrastructure to be ready in the next two decades will be in our region.
Support in the development of human resources and health services and the establishment of health facilities.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the Annual Conference of Directors General of Police at BSF Academy, Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh, on 7th and 8th January.
The Prime Minister said that today, farmers buy in retail, but sell in bulk.
In addition, I look forward to meeting with the leaders of nine other countries, including the BRICS countries, at the Emerging Market and Developing Countries Dialogue hosted by President Xi Jinping on 5 September.
He termed GST as "Good and Simple Tax" which will ultimately benefit the people.
Congratulations to all the sports lovers on the inauguration of the synthetic track at 'Usha School of Athletics'.
You speak in one of the oldest living classical languages in the world.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "We are proud of Kidambi Srikanth 's victory at the Australian Open.
GST will accelerate efficiency in furthering long-distance transport by removing physical barriers at state borders.
Last year was the birth centenary year of Nelson Mandela.
The Prime Minister said that the Kashi Vishwanath temple has maintained its existence despite suffering injustice for many centuries.
During the last three years, about 150 lakh hectares of land have been benefitted to a large extent through such water conservation and water management measures.
The Government and people of India are with you in this journey towards peace and prosperity.
You may recall that India 's performance at the Asian Games this time was also excellent.
I am happy to inform that the State Government has declared 19th June as Reading Day.
He inaugurated the Super Speciality Block of KIMS at Hubli, Income Tax Appellate Tribunal Building at Bengaluru, Women 's Hostel for girl students of North Eastern Region at Bangalore University at the press of a button.
He said the focus of the government is to increase production through faster connectivity.
These amendments will enable our arbitration process to align with world best practices.
Sitting together and accepting the langar aroused a sense of unity and equality among the people.
He said that during the current financial year, states are receiving more than Rs 11 lakh crore from the Centre, which represents an increase of about Rs 6 lakh crore over the last year of the previous government.
Schemes like Mudra Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India are helping in better financial inclusion, the Prime Minister said.
In a message, the Prime Minister said; "Saddened by the demise of Ustad Hussain Sayeeduddin Dagar.
Unveiling the expansion of the health care system in Bihar, he said, "It is a historic day for Bihar in terms of health infrastructure development.
During the last two-and-a-half years, over Rs 1.25 lakh crore of black money was brought into the open.
The strength of the India-US strategic partnership lies in our shared values and common interests.
They can also be called "nutrient-rich and climate-resilient" crops.
The Prime Minister further said that for start-ups to succeed, it is important to have enough capital, courage, and connect with people.
Incorporation of Monpa, Memba, Sartang, Sajolong (Mizi) in place of 'Momba' in serial number 9.
He said that the commitment of India and Bangladesh against cruelty and terrorism will continue to inspire future generations through Bangladesh Bhawan.
This shows that there is still a craze among our youth towards our ancient heritage and our heroic heroes of history.
The MGNREGA budget also comes in handy for this water conservation.
I am told that during the last two years, Rs. 1.2 crores have been given to this foundation.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi reviewed the progress in India-China relations from a strategic and long-term perspective.
India can proudly say that in India 's army, not only the male power in the armed forces, but also the female power is contributing equally.
This shows our commitment to provide houses to the poor, to the middle class.
I have said before that the combination of your hardware and our software will be tremendous.
People affected in disaster and after disaster are using social media to help each other.
A mutually supportive relationship has to be built between producers and consumers if the world is to develop as a whole.
Who doesn 't know the sense of adventure.
In November last year, India hosted the first ever South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
The alliance has set a target of achieving 1000 GW of solar power capacity by 2030 through an investment of US $1 trillion.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for their exemplary performance in the international arena.
Addressing a public event to mark 75 years of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose hoisting the Tricolour on Indian soil, the Prime Minister released a commemorative postage stamp, coin and First Day Cover.
Our foreign exchange reserves of over US $400 billion provide us with ample protection.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to the cyclone in Tamil Nadu.
It is an important day to reaffirm our commitment to further strengthen our democracy by participating in democratic processes at the local, state and national levels.
All the best to you for today 's contest.
Overall, this will give a fillip to the social and economic activities of the state, creating new employment opportunities for the locals.
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for everyone to maintain peace.
His unprecedented contribution to the freedom struggle lives on in our hearts.
In many parts of the country, our jawans and farmers had stood up in protest against injustice, showing their bravery.
He said that the drastic reduction in piracy in the Indian Ocean is largely due to Indian military might and our international partnership.
This will help in better health and maternal care for the weaker sections of the society.
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are driven by a broad understanding of issues of mutual interest.
The Government of India has also supported the activities of this foundation.
May the blessings of the great Himalayas be with you.
There is a huge need for roads, railways and waterways.
They want to be reassured that the rules will not be changed arbitrarily overnight.
In Anand, the Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities, including Amul 's state-of-the-art chocolate plant.
As of August 2017, Indian troops have served in about 50 of the UN 's 71 worldwide peacekeeping operations.
On behalf of all the countrymen, I wish him a bright future.
Now I specifically talk about food processing.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
We are proud of the decisions we have taken that have further strengthened women 's empowerment.
Currently, India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
During the last two years, in 2014 and 2016, we facilitated the smooth repatriation of over 90,000 Indian nationals from about 54 countries.
"I bow to Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
New systems are born.
For this, we are strengthening the entire ecosystem of our administrative system.
More than a thousand archaic laws have been abolished.
I am pleased with the large participation of energy ministers, heads of international organizations and CEOs from oil producing and consuming countries.
Not only this, we are the sixth largest producer of renewable energy.
Sulagitti Narasamma was an assistant helping pregnant mothers and sisters in childbirth.
This has hindered the growth of interstate trade.
The Prime Minister described the Paris Climate Agreement as a shared heritage of the entire world and hoped that it will be a new ray of hope for the next generation.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that innovations have an important role to play in bringing the people of India and Israel closer.
Our beloved leader, the former Prime Minister of our country, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji, had clearly said that human rights are not an alien concept to us.
The Prime Minister said that with the efforts of the government, India has emerged as a shining star of the global economy.
I had thanked all the parties that day as well.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Assistant Secretaries Programme provides an opportunity for junior and senior officers to interact with each other.
Ekta has won Gold and Bronze medals at the World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 in Tunisia.
The exam you are going to take is an examination of what you have studied throughout the year.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended an event organised by the Press Council of India, on the occasion of National Press Day.
President Widodo thanked the Prime Minister for his condolences and offer of assistance.
26. The Russian side invited the Indian side to invest in the Russian Far East.
The beautiful landscape of Cyprus and the wide horizon of 'Incredible India' can be a source of tourism promotion between the two countries.
This number is expected to double in the next 10 years.
Today, it is becoming increasingly difficult to live a stress-free life because of lifestyle, because of complacency, because of increasing responsibilities.
My condolences to the families of the deceased.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eradicate leprosy from the country under the National Leprosy Eradication Programme is a tribute to the same goal of Mahatma Gandhi.
Talking about the importance of water conservation, he said that the people of Kutch understand its importance very well.
He also informed that the Fair and Cash Price (FRP) of sugarcane for the sugar season of 2018-19 will also be announced.
For this purpose, we have launched the "Make in India" campaign.
Defence and security cooperation
These achievements have been made ahead of some major recent reforms.
It is true that political parties have also made meaningful efforts to improve the system from time to time.
Both sides agreed to explore opportunities for joint cooperation in forest products including precious metals, minerals, natural resources, timber through joint investments, production, processing and skilled labour.
They also agreed to continue efforts to develop clean energy-based systems, renewable energy and fuels, technologies to increase energy efficiency and produce non-polluting energy.
The Prime Minister encouraged the Assistant Secretaries to imbibe the best from their experiences while engaging with various Ministries in the times to come.
Our security forces have been given full freedom.
In this context, he mentioned today 's agenda items including doubling of farmers' income, development of aspirational districts, Ayushman Bharat, Mission Indradhanush, Poshan Mission and celebrations of 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
We are also looking at various strategies for better waste management.
India 's biggest tax reform i.e. GST has been implemented recently.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
The ability of the NDRF to handle the situation with their commitment and quick decisions has become a new center of reverence for every Indian.
The Prime Minister distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
It 's a huge psychological battle.
The efforts of the UN to establish peace in the world, its positive role is remembered by everyone.
Trade and investment relations between us are getting stronger.
Supply chain efficiencies are critical in any manufacturing enterprise.
Together, we will create an India where there will be ample opportunities for the youth and women to fulfil their dreams.
He congratulated the people of Kashi for the warm welcome accorded to French President Emmanuel Macron.
It is said that the inspiration was Sister Nivedita.
However, in relation to these food parks, our goal is to connect the agro-processing cluster with the main production centre.
It gives me special pleasure to welcome His Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, the Honourable Ministers of Malaysia and Mauritius to this event.
The Air Force also gave a befitting reply to the enemy in 1965.
He said that the airport has been made a part of the UDAN scheme to ensure that it becomes useful to the common man.
Today, in the 22nd meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards resolution and resolution of grievances related to the banking sector.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the steps being taken for the Scheduled Castes and Other Backward Classes.
But when it comes to Ganesh Utsav, it is very natural to miss Lokmanya Tilak ji.
This can only happen if long-term investments are made in the business to create job opportunities and sustainable economic growth.
It is also necessary to have a framework of co-operation for expeditious action in cases involving consumers from other countries.
I will meet with President Sirisena, Prime Minister Wickremesinghe and other distinguished dignitaries.
He also said that several announcements have been made in the budget to meet this objective.
India remembers its brave soldiers who fought in the First World War.
He said the Tarakot route will provide an alternate route to Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine, which will facilitate pilgrims.
The Prime Minister also unveiled a series of development projects related to the energy, connectivity and health sectors.
He complimented the Ministry of AYUSH for establishing the All India Institute of Ayurveda.
Thanks to the immense energy of the youth of our country, we are projecting India as a global manufacturing hub.
Nordic solutions in non-polluting technologies, sea-based solutions, port modernization, food processing, health, life sciences, and agriculture were discussed.
He said the central government attaches the highest importance to the development of eastern India.
I am confident that a strong India and a strong Japan will also bring stability to Asia and the world.
Barriers previously encountered during the decision-making process and approval have been removed.
Excellencies, I warmly recall our meeting in August 2015 and February last year.
Consequences of convening the budget session
Reading helps people broaden their thinking.
He said a new economic system is being developed on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad corridor, which will transform the entire region into a single economic zone.
You will be happy to know that the productivity of the Lok Sabha was 118% and that of the Rajya Sabha was 74 per cent.
Saddened by the demise of George Saheb.
He changed the fate of not only himself but also of his region through organised efforts.
The Prime Minister said that the visit of UK Prime Minister Theresa May to India in November 2016 has created the necessary framework to guide India-UK relations in the days to come.
They have unique powers and insights.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate 50 Health and Wellness Centres in Arunachal Pradesh.
After some time, the new year of 2017 will begin.
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew on the success of the mission.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore wanted Indian students to progress around the world, but retain their Indianness.
A teacher asked the Prime Minister what teachers should say to parents who are stressed out about their children 's exams and have unreasonable expectations.
All these are aimed at bringing about sweeping changes in the country and paving the way for the creation of a 'New India'.
I would once again urge you to take the campaign of Khadi further and increase it.
The Prime Minister said that these steps have greatly benefited not only the poor but also the middle class.
I hope that Prime Minister Netanyahu, Mrs. Netanyahu and the delegation will have a memorable stay in India.
The government has also asked banks to increase the cash credit limit for small industries from 20 per cent to 25 per cent.
On our part, obviously we want more and more Japanese investment.
On behalf of the people and farmers of Gujarat and Maharashtra, who benefit from the Narmada River, the Prime Minister thanked the people and the government of Madhya Pradesh for the Narmada Seva Yatra.
Women are strong, now they are also becoming armed.
Now we have reached the information age.
The presentation on 'Energy and Environment' included suggestions related to various energy sources and energy efficiency.
Later in 1945, when the freedom struggle gained momentum, he prepared a revised copy of the idea.
I will go to Haifa today to pay homage to our brave soldiers.
Taking the lead in this campaign, the Prime Minister has shared a special video on social media, appealing to the people to send a message to the brave jawans of our armed forces.
The agreement will be effective for a period of 5 years.
Both underscored the importance of pluralism, democracy and the rule of law as values for achieving peaceful co-existence.
Within hours, the video generated a tremendous amount of interest on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook.
He assisted in the publication and dissemination of Basu 's research through his articles and conferences.
Lord Buddha 's message is as relevant in the 21st century as it was two and a half thousand years ago.
And brothers and sisters, we cannot forget that the history of the country is incomplete without these great men.
Today is August 9.
Addressing an enthusiastic crowd on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that today Motihari is witnessing the same spirit of mass movement that was seen in the Champaran Satyagraha a century ago.
I am aware that the Government of Sri Lanka is taking a number of proactive steps, including a five-year national action plan, to improve your quality of life.
This will provide the necessary impetus to enhance bilateral trade and investment relations.
He told the officers that to succeed in tasks and objectives, it is important to develop close relationships with people.
In 2016, the Akshaya Patra Foundation served the 2 billionth meal plate in the presence of the then President of India, Pranab Mukherjee.
We will facilitate the early start of negotiations on a free trade agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
May God give them the courage and strength to bear this irreparable loss.
I have been saying that this is the twenty-first (21st) century of Asia.
Major international financial institutions such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF), as well as several well-known agencies such as Moody 's, have also expressed their confidence in India's economic journey.
'Pariksha Pe Charcha' was a feature of this that there was an open discussion on various topics related to the exam.
Our festivals also teach us social values.
We have full faith in the valour and bravery of our soldiers.
It is a matter of happiness for me as I, along with my partner and friend President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan, had the opportunity to jointly inaugurate this conference.
We are giving loans to small enterprises without any collateral or guarantee.
The Varanasi Convention Centre project is a symbol of cultural cooperation between the city of Kyoto, Japan, and Varanasi.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Jharkhand, on their Statehood Day.
I congratulate the crores of people, especially the poor, who have benefited from this initiative.
But knowledge is our best guide even today.
Our soldiers also did yoga in Siachen where the temperature is minus 20,25,40 degrees.
Rather, it should strive to achieve the real goal of bringing about social and economic change.
This has benefited lakhs of artisans and workers.
Russia provided its support for India 's membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
We know how the fruits of progress and prosperity are distributed among the common man.
Due to demand and technology, there is also a huge change in the nature of jobs in our country.
Well, young friends, you are preparing for the exam and I am holding you in my heart.
He said that people should get to know about the local history and the archaeology of their cities and regions.
This will facilitate students interested in cinema from the northeastern states.
We started the process of full membership at the Tashkent meeting last year.
A large number of private companies are also connecting with the portal.
This will ensure a thriving energy market for them.
"We are constantly trying to simplify processes for small businesses.
He will also launch a portal for coordination and monitoring of developmental works at the district level.
The results are already visible.
Today, we remember and salute their courage.
These measures have also increased the efficiency of energy use.
Under the "Eat Right India" campaign, Swasth Bharat Yatras are being taken out across the country.
He praised the spirit of the people of Nicobar Islands and their hard work in building the archipelago after the tsunami.
At any time other than farming, he can also earn by selling electricity from solar farming.
Chief of the Army Staff General Dalbir Singh was present on the occasion.
India 's defence preparedness is guided by these considerations.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but has now expanded to the capitals of our states.
Tomorrow, today and tomorrow will be such a lucky coincidence that yoga will get a new dimension.
People will now be empowered through smartphones and digital devices with the aim of making financial services accessible to them.
The Prime Minister also said that Bhuj, like other metros of Gujarat, will have a modern bus port.
In the movement of the freedom struggle, every sector of the society, every section of the people dedicated themselves to the call of Mahatma Gandhi.
We are determined to do what is sustainable and green.
Now that the Kisan Credit Card will be converted into a RUPAY card, the farmer will be able to buy and sell from his card anywhere.
The main objective of this mission is to promote reading as a means of growth and prosperity.
The Prime Minister thanked Japan for providing technical and financial assistance for the project.
He said that the projects unveiled today will play an important role in the development of sectors like education, health, employment, skill development, transport, power, sports and tourism.
He requested the children that the praise and fame you are getting should not become a hindrance in your future progress.
He also believed in the power of education.
A highly educated population will help India excel on the global stage.
Portals and social media related to consumer protection have also been integrated.
Ambitious goals that include key health indicators and others are driving performance.
He stressed that poor people should also benefit from quality and affordable healthcare.
In this context, the Prime Minister also talked about the initiatives taken in the field of air connectivity and water connectivity.
He said that as a result of these programmes, India has jumped 42 places in the Ease of Doing Business rankings in the last 4 years.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Jugnauth affirmed the shared commitment to strengthen the time-tested and unique relationship between India and Mauritius.
MGNREGA, which is funded by the Government of India for water conservation and water management, has been well received by some.
Nikki Haley conveyed US President Trump 's best wishes to Prime Minister Modi during the meeting.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
He went to different countries of the world and raised his voice against the misinformation being spread about Sanatan Dharma and philosophy.
During the last three years, my Government has paid special attention to the overall infrastructure development of the country.
First of all, I express my deepest condolences to those who have died due to the recent earthquake in Aceh.
President Ghani expressed his condolences to the families of the martyred soldiers.
"Saddened by the loss of lives due to landslides in Bangladesh.
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a joint venture between the Government of India and the Government of Kerala.
He was an effective voice for the aspirations of Karnataka in Delhi.
I commend the Ministry of Urban Development under the leadership of Venkaiah ji for the Value Capture Finance Policy Framework.
The Prime Minister said that the work of social service should be a matter of pride for all.
Major financial agencies have also given their positive feedback about India 's growth.
The Prime Minister said, "I am happy to note that people across Tripura celebrate the birth anniversary of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Debbarma Manikya Bahadur with great enthusiasm."
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
Prime Minister Modi will dedicate to the nation the modern and expanded Bhilai Steel Plant during his visit.
The two leaders will also make their statements to the media.
I have innumerable fond memories with him.
Dr. Haier was accompanied by senior officials of the bank.
The Prime Minister said that the gathering here today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
Our trade cooperation with Europe and Southeast Asia through spices is world-renowned.
Dedicated freight corridors are being developed to decongest the railway network in the country.
The Prime Minister said that the GST will promote a modern tax administration that will be easier and more transparent and will help curb corruption.
Sister Nivedita and scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are strong examples of this.
The Prime Minister released the Mission Action Plan document for Narmada Pravah-Narmada River.
According to estimates by the World Bank and IMF, this acceleration will continue.
The team members presented the Prime Minister with a signed bat, a ball and a team jersey bearing the name of the Prime Minister.
He will attend functions to mark the completion of one year of the state government.
The Prime Minister recalled their meeting in Malaysia in May 2018.
This has liberated rural women from the tragedy of toxic fumes.
Addressing a large and enthusiastic crowd, the Prime Minister said that today he himself is experiencing how Rajasthan welcomes visitors.
In a tweet, the Prime Minister said, the Union Government has assured all possible support to the Government of Bihar in containing the flood situation and the situation is being closely monitored.
In Ahmedabad, Gujarat, about 55,000 people performed yoga together, setting a new world record.
We have focused on removing the barriers that were preventing us from achieving our full potential.
These bravehearts sacrificed themselves in the defence of 1.25 billion of us Indians.
More than 90 per cent of FDI approvals are being granted through the automatic route.
I assure that the Government of India is committed to extend all necessary support to the state 's efforts in combating these diseases.
A memorandum was sent on behalf of the Chief Minister of Mizoram, who could not attend the meeting in person.
My dear countrymen, in 'Mann Ki Baat', we talk about individuals and institutions who are doing some extraordinary work for the society.
I once again had the privilege of celebrating Diwali with our Jawans security forces deployed along the border.
He said that the cooperative movement can play an important role in achieving these objectives.
"Warm greetings to all soldiers, veterans and their families on Army Day.
The Prime Minister said, "My thoughts are with those affected by the floods in various parts of Bihar.
From a foreign investor 's point of view, India is considered an extremely low-risk political economy.
As soon as this campaign is launched, people are invited to send letters and messages to the armed forces.
We are sanctioning loans up to one crore rupees in 59 minutes. '
This love of yours is like a blessing.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the state-of-the-art super-specialty Rasilaben Sevantilal Shah Venus Hospital in Surat.
The Prime Minister called for a "chalta hai" approach and a "chalta hai" approach to ensure positive change.
The two sides aim to establish cooperative institutional relations to encourage technical bilateral cooperation on new and renewable topics on the basis of mutual benefit.
These hospitals will provide affordable cancer treatment to patients from neighbouring countries like Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand, Bihar, Uttarakhand and Nepal.
It contains the original verses of the Bhagavad-gita, including the Tika.
He gave a variety of examples in his reply with a spot counter.
More than 40 countries have also sent their official delegations.
After unveiling the plaque for the inauguration, the Prime Minister walked towards the bridge for a few minutes.
They will not be spared.
The Prime Minister conveyed his best wishes to Dr. Mohammed for the progress and prosperity of the people of Malaysia.
This in itself is a living example of a changed environment.
The Prime Minister will reach Port Blair on the evening of 29 December.
The Prime Minister also met representatives of the Ceylon Workers 'Congress and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
The two leaders also agreed that given the vast developmental experience and national capabilities of both countries, India and China, as two important countries and emerging economies, should join hands to take the lead in providing unique and sustainable solutions to address the challenges faced by humankind in the 21st century.
During a public meeting, he flagged off the 900th coach and a Humsafar rake.
As a democratic country, we share values.
He said that the Central Government is determined to complete all its campaigns with the help of the people.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting.
With this launch, we have embarked on a journey to create the most advanced range of our engagement.
Now some more important decisions have also been taken in the interest of farmer brothers.
He has done a very good job in this moment of crisis.
Creating a business-friendly environment and attracting investments will continue to be my top priority.
He said that India will be great and healthy only when its 125 crore citizens are healthy.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved measures to boost the hydropower sector.
At the same time, the important responsibility of the country is to protect its citizens.
Prime Minister Abe and I never miss an opportunity to meet each other.
His visit is significant for both countries as our strategic partnership completes a decade.
He reiterated India 's commitment to a strong and robust bilateral policy partnership with the United States.
Citing the example of dairy cooperatives, he said that the cooperative movement has the potential to solve people 's problems.
He mentioned Chanakya and said that hard work can remove all obstacles and it also helps us to accomplish the most difficult objectives.
We have also decided to start an annual exchange of bilateral visits of 100 young people from science-related academic disciplines.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today held an informal meeting with all Secretaries to the Government of India, senior officials of Ministries.
The poison of casteism, the poison of sectarianism, can never do good to the country.
The MoU will create a mechanism and help in increasing scientific collaboration between R & D and academic institutions of India and Canada.
It is the responsibility of every political party to identify such leaders among themselves and isolate them from the political journey of their party.
Under the Integrated Horticulture Development Campaign, support will be provided to farmers for re-sowing of horticultural crops that have been damaged.
Drug regulation and drug quality control;
I now conclude by congratulating the citizens of Kochi, the Kochi Metro Rail Corporation and the Chief Minister of Kerala for achieving this important milestone.
He said that today India is not only the fastest growing economy in the world, but has also emerged as a country that is eradicating poverty at the fastest pace.
So far, progress data of 41 programmes and schemes of 20 Ministries have been displayed on this portal.
5 companies of BSF, CISF, RAF have been deployed for relief and rescue work in the state.
Indian women have played a leading role in peacekeeping operations.
The Russian side expressed interest that Russia would like to participate in the international competitive bidding process when the Ministry of Railways of India decides on projects to increase the speed of trains.
At the same time, there is excitement that joint talks are to be held with India-Indonesia executive officers (CEOs).
The Prime Minister said that these efforts of the Foundation reflect the importance of the transformation from 'me' to 'us' when we think of society above ourselves.
ASI has carried out several major conservation works in various countries of Asia.
Therefore, the Swachh Iconic Places project has now been included in the Swachh Bharat Mission to tackle this problem.
In this regard, they resolved to strengthen a close developmental partnership in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner for national modernization and further enrichment of their people.
He said that our universities need to move from traditional teaching to innovative learning.
It will facilitate effective institutional interactions between India and Thailand.
This will add immense strength to our strategic defence.
Promoted to create infrastructure and the Government of India has implemented the 'Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojana'.
He said a strong America would be beneficial to the entire world.
Almost all the countries of the world made this opportunity of yoga their own.
He said that we have to move towards transparent and flexible markets for both oil and gas.
The Indian side welcomed the decision to open an office of the Far East Agency in Mumbai.
Write down some facts about the people 's life there, not just about the buildings, not just about the natural beauty.
The Prime Minister said that this bridge will bring a positive change in the lives of common people.
We have exceptional political and people-to-people ties with every country in the ASEAN region.
The Prime Minister held a meeting with the Chief Minister of the state, Shri Pinarayi Vijayan, and officials of the state government to review the situation arising out of the floods.
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe will hold the 12th India-Japan Annual Summit on 14 September at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhi Nagar, Gujarat.
Today, there has been a detailed discussion between the President and me.
Conversely, if a person cleanses the dirt around him, he gains energy, and he himself does not accept the existing adversities.
Today, India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
Maharashtra, one of the largest states in the country, has also made effective plans for this at its own level.
"A warm welcome and best wishes to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup," the Prime Minister said.
A number of aspects emerged that could certainly be of benefit to the students.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to a bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
Be it relief and rescue work or disaster management, our Air Warriors are grateful to the Air Force for their commendable work.
In search of peace from the stresses of modern life, people often start consuming drugs such as tobacco, alcohol, and even drugs.
He said that farmers and scientists need to work together to transform agriculture.
Countries that leave behind their heritage also lose their identity.
In this context, he pointed out that all government clearances, including construction permits, are being issued faster than ever before.
Chhath Puja is associated with the worship of the sun in rivers and ponds.
The Prime Minister laid special emphasis on the shared values between India and Japan.
It showed how historically the people of India and ASEAN are interconnected.
Therefore, there will be additional benefits if new technology is tried to be used in the construction of new houses in India.
He says that the role of parents in the examination is very important.
The Prime Minister will then leave for Odisha.
Our relations continue to be on an upward trajectory.
And ultimately there has to be greater international coordination to deal with disasters.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of taking pride in our history and our archaeological heritage.
Temples were usually built on an extensive plot away from the residential area.
Brothers and sisters, In this year 's budget, a big decision has been taken to give farmers a fair price for their crops.
It is a good opportunity for sports lovers to watch exciting matches.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India would be able to benefit from the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
He appreciated the officers who have been instrumental in this change.
This Bhagiratha effort of cleanliness is a wonderful example of beauty, collectivity and continuity.
We must pledge to rid India of poverty, filth, corruption, terrorism, casteism, communalism and build a 'New India' by 2022.
And then they printed some selected letters out of it.
The Prime Minister called upon these students to do concrete work in this direction to realize their vision.
Dr. Abdul Momen briefed the Prime Minister on the recent progress in bilateral relations between India and Bangladesh.
Noting the cultural significance of Jallikattu, the Prime Minister said that the matter is currently sub judice.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the redeveloped Tezu Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
President Temer 's visit will open the way for cooperation in new areas with Brazil, an important strategic partner of ours.
Prime Minister Costa himself is a huge fan of football.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on topics such as women entrepreneurship and women empowerment.
This is not only the highest ever FDI but also the highest ever increase in India 's FDI.
I hope that the new course will further strengthen the financial skills of newcomers to this profession.
Today, I will also have the opportunity to meet people of Indian origin living in the Netherlands.
He said that Gujarat 's development journey has seen a lot of positive changes in the last two decades.
It is inspired by the teachings of truth of Gautama Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the Hollong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia, Assam.
I have asked the Ministry of Defence to further expedite the relief and rescue operations in the state.
Reviewing the progress of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister spoke of the Union Government 's commitment towards providing housing for all by 2022.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with IPS probationers of the 2015 batch.
Protocol for Consultations between the Foreign Ministries of the two countries for the period 2019-23
Since its inception, more than 7 lakh poor patients have been benefitted in just 100 days.
Strong person-to-person contacts and the presence of a large Indian diaspora in Canada provide a strong foundation for these relationships.
According to UNCTAD 's World Investment Report, India is still one of the top FDI destinations in the world.
Appreciating the efforts of the diaspora, especially the Saurashtra Patel community, the Prime Minister said that the diaspora has always made India proud.
In the Joint Statement on Maritime Cooperation, we have outlined our programme of cooperation in this area.
The Prime Minister appreciated the progress made in bilateral cooperation in the field of defence technology.
The Prime Minister has suggested faster work in the field of electronic toll collection.
Today everyone is joining this campaign of Fit India.
Training for employment and self-employment is being imparted with an aim to meet the aspirations of the youth for a better life.
Both sides took stock of the recent investments made by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing sector in the Russian Far East.
His father raises his family by picking garbage.
You are the leader of a great nation.
This holy month of Ramzan will definitely help in taking forward this path of peace, unity and goodwill.
The Japanese people have led the world in the field of sustainable development.
He urged the members to raise awareness among the communities regarding their rights.
I congratulate the people of Kochi in this proud moment.
Because Indonesia, the country with the largest Muslim population in the world, stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
Raising the issue of black money on the global stage
During the BRICS Summit in South Africa last year, I experienced his gracious hospitality.
The women beneficiaries narrated how SHGs have brought a positive change in their lives.
The entire world celebrates it as World Yoga Day.
They will provide certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
We have taken many decisive steps and created a governance system that will help India realise its potential.
The Prime Minister recalled his successful visit to the United States in June this year.
He will address a public meeting.
Social media is changing disaster response.
Friends, In my view and in the vision of our government, the scope of consumer protection is very wide.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, yoga is yoga, yoga is yoga.
My condolences to those who lost their loved ones in the loss of lives due to the derailment of Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Express.
I pray for the speedy recovery of the injured.
Bilateral cooperation in the food processing sector between India and Japan will mutually benefit the food processing sector of both countries.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today spoke about the benefits of the PM-SYM scheme.
I am happy that so many participants from India and abroad have taken the time to come here.
Just a few days ago, India 's brave daughter and farmer daughter Hima Das created history by winning the gold medal in the 400 meters race at the ongoing Junior U-20 World Athletics Championships in Finland.
With this, you can easily go to Varanasi and get the blessings of Lord Shiva.
I believe we are in a moment of great opportunity in our relationship with Sri Lanka.
Under this scheme, interest subsidy will be provided to the borrower on the loan amount up to two lakh rupees.
I am happy that for the first time, the beneficiaries are being given ownership of the lands on which the houses are being constructed.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took over the reins of unifying India.
These are some of the questions I want to leave to you to answer.
We are bringing our importance to the world today through the 'Tejas' aircraft.
Every assistance is being provided to the state government to deal with this crisis.
"Bhupen Hazarika 's songs and music have been admired by people from generation to generation.
The Prime Minister reiterated India 's commitment to extend full support to Afghanistan in its efforts to build a peaceful, united, prosperous, inclusive and democratic Afghanistan.
A 182-metre-tall statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel will be dedicated to the nation on his birth anniversary at Kevadiya in Narmada district of Gujarat.
Here on this occasion, I would like to specifically tell my colleagues from other countries about the Give-it-Up scheme.
1. Exchange and training of doctors, officials, other health professionals and specialists.
A law was passed in 2015 for disclosure of money in foreign bank accounts.
And for this, you people will also have to take strict steps.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a section of the new Magenta Line of the Delhi Metro on 25 December.
Only recently did we proceed with the formalization of the law.
Soon, we will also be able to get a new joy, a new satisfaction in carrying forward the journey that Atal ji had started.
• Insurance companies have been advised to settle claims of Ockhi cyclone victims expeditiously.
India has managed to improve its rating after a long wait.
Our mutual cooperation and coordination is very strong in many forums like BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA, etc.
Our UPI or United Payments Interface system, as well as the BHIM app and RuPay cards, are also showing the real potential of the digital economy in India.
Further, as per the new law, any application challenging the judgment will be disposed of by the court within a year.
Of these, the first front is related to infrastructure such as highways, railways, etc., while the second front is ensuring that the benefits of development must reach the general public.
Capital expenditure in infrastructure projects has increased by 49 per cent this time compared to last year.
The Prime Minister said that technology is beneficial only if it benefits the common man.
He said that along with Varanasi, the entire country is today seeing how the vision of next-generation infrastructure is rejuvenating the country 's transport infrastructure.
Brothers and sisters, Today our country is full of food grains.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that he is experiencing a special energy in the atmosphere from this collective lesson.
New AIIMS are being opened in different states to provide better treatment and healthcare to people across the country.
He urged people to use the BHIM app and adopt cashless transactions.
Top officials from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog, and the Prime Minister 's Office briefed the Prime Minister on various aspects of the scheme.
On the last three International Yoga Days, people from all over the country and the world participated with great enthusiasm.
At the press of a button, the Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of roads to be built under the Central Road Fund (CRF).
The efforts made by Captain Nishad for the progress of Bihar have been extremely remarkable.
We exchanged views on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
I once again wish you all a very happy Ram Navami.
It may be revoked by one party after six months 'written notice to the other party.
He also talked about the work being done towards cleanliness and the work being done to enhance the beauty of the city.
It is, therefore, an honour for me to welcome a close friend and ardent supporter of India.
Do your best today.
He also asked senior officers of the central government to review the progress on a weekly basis.
Peacekeeping operations are not an easy task.
We have a strong and favourable investment policy framework to promote domestic hydrocarbon production.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
Friends, Yoga has shown the world the path of wellness from illness.
I am thankful to Akbar Sahib.
Even today, India is one of the largest troop senders among the various United Nations peacekeeping forces.
He said that we are entering a period of greater energy availability, but it is a pity that more than a billion people in the world are still without electricity.
Shri Modi said that Pakyong Airport will facilitate air connectivity to Sikkim.
The Prime Minister began the virtual consecration of the statue by pressing the button.
We are now a globally integrated economy.
We are also partners in South Africa 's skill development efforts.
The Prime Minister said that student organisations should give more importance to cleanliness during the campaign for university elections.
Today, we live in an interconnected world.
He said that the common man and traders will definitely benefit from this innovative decision.
My best wishes to the countrymen that all their dreams come true.
He said that under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a massive campaign is underway to provide a permanent house to the poor in cities and villages.
He said that the cooperative movement is in sync with the nature of Indian society.
He said that Ardha Kumbh will showcase how "New India" encompasses both heritage and modernity.
He said that a teacher is associated with a lifelong stream of knowledge.
Even hairstylists are deciding the hair designs of their clients.
In today 's chaotic and fast-paced life, yoga brings peace to one's life by connecting the mind, body, and intellect.
I have visited Japan several times during the last few years.
It is a great honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
BHIM stands for Bharat Interface for Money.
The Japan Plus system has also helped in the process of cooperation.
The Prime Minister said India is rapidly moving towards becoming a gas-based economy.
My best wishes to the entire team and support staff, on behalf of the countrymen.
The Prime Minister said that if someone thinks that not going to a place will prolong his chief minister 's tenure and going to a place will shorten his tenure, then such a person is not at all entitled to become the chief minister.
Therefore, the Indian Ocean occupies a special place in the policies of the government.
Sister Nivedita started cleaning drains and roads without worrying about her health.
He said that Shri Inamdar had imbibed this principle in his life and his life is a source of inspiration.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister urged the players to use technology to improve their performance.
Historically, temples have played a significant role in our society.
The Prime Minister will address a public meeting at Dharamshala in Kangra district.
Even today, a Japanese township has been announced.
This will boost the production of high-quality medicines, consumables and other medical technology equipment.
Today, these diseases are known as lifestyle disorders.
A new medical college will be opened between every 3 districts.
The new Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to exit their businesses.
President Temer 's visit provides an important opportunity to work in a planned manner.
Communication between us has increased at every level.
And so the weight of points that it carries also sometimes prevents us from going in the right direction.
The two leaders also agreed to pursue bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner, taking advantage of the beneficial arrangements existing between the two countries.
We have fought hard against terrorism and extremism in our respective countries.
I hope that the success of the Commonwealth Games-2018 will inspire the youth towards sports and raise awareness about the importance of a healthy life for every individual.
The Prime Minister recalled Dr. Ambedkar 's words that we must build a social democracy along with our political democracy.
The Prime Minister stressed that no country can progress without giving importance and attention to its history and heritage.
It 's a good start.
Our partnership in the energy sector is an important bridge in our engagement.
Even our ancient texts emphasize the importance of personal hygiene.
Package of twelve services for free universal screening for common NCDs.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
Now it is the festival of Eid.
I hope this will help us move forward.
The law and order situation is being closely monitored.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that banking services through India Post Payments Bank will reach the remotest places and people living there very easily across the country.
The Prime Minister paid a thorough visit to the memorial.
On this occasion, I thank all the officers and men of the Coast Guard for their service to the nation.
He said that through the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, premiums have been reduced, the ceiling on insurance has been removed and the amount of claims disbursed to farmers has been increased.
In just a few hours, we will all welcome the New Year of 2017.
The contacts and exchanges between the citizens of the two countries have always been the bedrock of our friendship.
My dear countrymen, on the coming 4th of November, we will all celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti.
The Prime Minister said that the focus of the government is to provide an affordable health care system for the poor.
In this direction, we have initiated far-reaching legal reforms.
Our cultural partnership is growing.
I was reading an old interview of Sam Manekshaw, a great military officer of India.
A legacy that connects our society across generations and centuries.
The India-Japan business delegation will arrive in India on the same day.
17. It is proposed to expand vaccination to all states.
He said that the Central Government and the State Governments would be keen to popularise sports.
The name of the selected bank will be released as a co-brand on the Kochi Metro fare card and app.
In the same vein, F.S.S.A.I, Safe and Healthy Diet Habits is engaged in promoting good eating habits.
The independence of the judiciary is a basic feature of the Indian Constitution.
He said that the biggest challenge for medal winners is starting now and they should not lose sight of the goal of the Olympic Games.
India 's economic interests can be better served by the large number of arbitration experts and lawyers available.
He said that the nation will never forget the sacrifices of the freedom fighters.
India has emerged as a bright spot in the global economy, providing new impetus to growth at the global level as well.
The Prime Minister said the government is providing training, financial assistance and opportunities to encourage self-help groups across the country.
For this, I thank Kidanren, JETRO and other organisations for helping us in this process.
Somnath has 20,000 followers on social media.
Yoga is a code of connecting people with life and then connecting mankind with nature.
The Prime Minister interacted with the personnel of the Indo-Tibetan Border Police and the Indian Army and presented them sweets.
Now some people might say why did you take only two years?
Regular yoga has a direct impact on any family 's medical expenses.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that all the projects inaugurated or for which foundation stones have been laid today have a total value of more than 14 thousand crore rupees.
The Prime Minister stressed that action is important once laws and acts are made.
He said that the government is fulfilling special requirements to bring the North Eastern Region on par with other states of the country.
With no middlemen in between, things get a lot cheaper.
The work will be completed within a period of 36 months.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister stressed the need for innovative efforts towards underground mining and gas from coal mines through the use of latest technology.
He hailed the Prime Minister as a great leader and a "world leader."
Background
Uttarakhand has anyway been the main centre of yoga for many decades.
The Prime Minister will also inaugurate the Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lahartara.
He also dedicated to the nation the first phase of Madhepura Electric Locomotive Plant.
On the energy front, we are now the fifth largest producer of renewable energy in the world.
As developing countries, our challenges are similar.
Life goes on that you have got a sense of mission and that is your sense of ambition, is there any synergy happening between your mission and ambition?
There will also be a very good contribution from all parties.
The Prime Minister spoke of his visit to the Tsunami Memorial-the Wall of Lost Souls-just before arriving at the ceremony.
India, along with its other partner countries and stakeholders in the region, will build an alliance or hub to boost disaster resilience infrastructure.
Kerala also has some of the oldest colleges, schools, and libraries in the country.
I assure all possible help from the government.
This is the fourth such event in a series of interactions by the Prime Minister through video bridge with beneficiaries of various government schemes.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted all citizens on National Voters 'Day.
Noted nationalist and Tamil poet Subramania Bharati has been noted for his revolutionary poem Pudumai Penn, New Women and Women 's Empowerment.
The number of air passengers in the aviation sector has reached 282 million per year.
Recently, 30 nanosatellites have been launched. '
The two leaders expressed happiness at the major achievements resulting from the Special Strategic Partnership between the two countries in the past year.
And therefore, the state government is being helped a lot in increasing the basic facilities in the state.
Our special emphasis has been on implementing the various decisions taken during our last two meetings.
From cause lists to case law, the lawyer 's library is now a click away from your mobile.
And if we give nature information to children, maybe they can come in handy in protecting the environment.
In fact, it was the third largest source of foreign direct investment during the last three years.
FDI inflows from Japan have almost tripled in the last three years.
· The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold annual summit meetings, including multilateral events.
In the year 2001, Atal ji changed the time of presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
But someone has to take this decision for the sake of the country.
Both sides welcomed the setting up of a pharmaceutical plant by the Advanced Pharma Company in Russia.
Now this is the great strength of our tourism.
Recently, a scheme has also been launched to provide electricity connection to every household in the country.
He said that German innovation and Indian young start-ups can provide dynamism in the field of space.
As part of the government 's plan to ensure clean drinking water supply for all, the Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone of a pipeline water supply scheme in rural areas of the Bundelkhand region.
In a way, it is a period full of very important events in the life of the nation.
My personal contacts with Japanese leaders, government, industry, and people go back almost a decade now.
Any request for an increase by the state government will be considered.
The Prime Minister said that now more and more people have access to generic medicines, which has not only reduced the cost of healthcare but has also saved many precious lives.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the recipients of the prestigious Gandhi Peace Prize.
The new ray of the new year is bringing a resolution of new successes.
My dear countrymen, the Neelakurinji flower blooms once in 12 years in our country.
The framework agreement was signed on 3 September 2016.
